You know that what I do is write for kids, and in fact, I'm probably the author for children, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people that I don't want to seem like a scientist.
I can dress out as a farmer, or a leather clothes, and never one has chosen an farmer.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and epiphytes.
And you know that an epidemic is usually something that you get somewhere.
You only have to turn to the apple to see it as an epidemic.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Boldam.
It's the kind of complicated circle which I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the '60s in the middle school, in State, Ohio where I was the rare of the class.
And they were beaten to bleed every week in the bathroom's bathroom, until a teacher saved me.
She saved my life by allowing me to go into the teacher's bathroom.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
And I had to go from the city.
I had a thumb, and 85 dollars, and ended up in San Francisco, California -- I found an lover -- and in the '80s, I felt the need to start working in organizations who fought AIDS.
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night, I got a phone call from that teacher, Mr. Postor who said,``I need to see it.
I'm disillusioned that adults never come to meet us.
You could come to Ohio, and please bring that man to know that you've found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to stand with this please . ''
Well, the next day we were in Cleveland.
We went to see, we laughed, we cried, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found a place, we integrated it, and we looked at it and we got rid of her family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman I wanted to know as an adult came to meet me, it became a ashes box, and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed, it had become a circle -- and that epidemic that I told them was made in itself.
The epidemic is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I saved her.
And you know that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy today that I talked a lot about this.
It also needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our job to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separate from nature and that everything is interconnected.
I first went to Antarctica almost 10 years ago, and I saw my first iceberg.
I was amazed.
My heart beating quickly, I was killed, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The iceberg around me, it was almost 60 meters, and I couldn't think that it was a snowflake on another year of snow, year after year.
The iceberg will be born when they get rid of the glaciers or break the ice walls.
Every iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences.
Some people refuse to get back and they get off to the end, while others can't support it more and be destroyed in a dramatic passion arrangement.
It's easy to think, when you see a iceberg, that are isolated and lonely isolated, in large measure as we see sometimes as humans.
But reality is all the opposite.
As a iceberg melts, I'm breathing your ancestral atmosphere.
As a eardrum melts, it releases rich water water in minerals that feeds many forms of life.
I'm going to photograph these chimpanzees as if it's about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that at these unique moments there are that way and they won't exist that way again.
It's not death when they melt; it's not an end, but a continuation of its path for the cycle of life.
Part of the ice of the telephones that photography is very young -- it has a couple thousand years.
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years.
The last pictures I'd like to show you is a iceberg I photographed in Kerfline, Greenland.
It's very often to actually get a rolling iceberg.
Here it is.
You can see on the left a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your floating line.
You can see here, it starts laughing, the ship has moved to the other side and the man's there.
This is a gentleman of Greenland, average size.
And it's about 120 feet or 40 feet.
This video is in real time.
And so the name, the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, every single one of them . Okay.
So, two couples each with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of conception, because if you stop to think about conception itself, you're not going to pay attention.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And on this stage, I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and the sperm is joined to the X X chromosome.
And in the other case, the X chromosome of the sperm joined the X chromosome of the egg.
They both learn and start life.
We'll talk about them later.
In my own, I tend to fulfill two roles.
In one of my roles, I work with the story of anatomy.
I'm a historian historian, and what I study in this case is the way people addressed anatomy -- I mean, of human bodies and animals, how they've considered the body fluids, the idea of the body, what they've thought about the body.
The other role that I'm doing in my work is the activist, as a patient advocate, or, as I say sometimes, impatient advocates of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working, for example, with similar twins, two people within a body.
I've worked with people with commanders; people much lower than the average.
And I've worked with a lot of cases of people with outliers, individuals whose physical typography doesn't fit into male schools and conventional female schemes.
In general lines, we can call it interrupting.
The infrastructure adopted a lot of forms.
I'm going to give you some examples of ways of having a sex that doesn't fit in the common or female forms.
For example, there's the case of the individual with chemical basis, which is the 3D gene of the chromosome and tells the programmers, which we all have in the fetal life, which are becoming testicles.
And then, in the fetal life, the testes produce testosterone.
But because this individual lacks of testosterone receptors, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the sensitivity syndrome to the citizens.
So, there are high levels of testosterone, but without reaction.
As a consequence, the body develops for a typical female course.
When it's born, the baby has a little girl.
It's a girl . It's raised as a girl.
And often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing and developing the breast, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes something is happening.
After making it tests you realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus, it actually has testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think that it's a man, but it's actually not.
Women, like men, we have in the body something called superiorities glands.
They're in the back of the body.
Supercomputer glands produce antibodies, marketing hormone.
Most women like me, I consider a typical woman; it doesn't know their chemical structure; I believe being a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to the managers.
We produce airplanes and we respond to the teenagers.
As a consequence, someone like me has the brain more exposed to the citizens that the woman who was born with testicles who have the syndrome of antibiotic sensitivity.
So sex is something complicated . It's not that the irrational ones are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago, I received a call from a 19-year-old girl born and raised as you would go; he had girlfriend, and sex relationships with her, he took a life as a boy, and he had just discovered he had ovaries and uterus.
It had an extreme way of a disease known as a connecting sanitary hyperbolic.
I had the 20th chromosomes, and in the uterus, supernoval glands were so active that, essentially, they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their genitals were marketing, their brain was exposed to the hormone typically male.
He was born with a kid . Nobody suspected anything.
And it was at the age of 19 when I started having medical problems caused by internal menstruation, when doctors discovered that, in fact, it was woman inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of interrupting.
Some people with 20th chromosomes develop what's known as hotels, that is, they have obvious tissue wrapped in testicular tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are many varieties of sex.
The reason why children with these kinds of bodies -- they are football, similar twins, or intelligent surgeries are subjected to normal surgery, is not to be able to be able to be able to be a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason that they add to various surgeries is that they are a threat for our social categories.
The system is usually based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings up a particular identity.
We have the idea that being woman is to have female identity; supposedly, being black means having African anatomy in historical terms.
A terribly simplistic idea.
And when we get a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with categorize.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture.
Our nation is based on a concept of very romantic individuals.
Imagine how surprising it is to have kids born like two people within the same body.
The most recent case is last year with the South Senate corridor, and it was put in a trial of judgment in the International Games in Berlin.
A lot of journalists called to ask me,``What do you think are going to do to determine whether Casey seed is man or woman? ''
And I had to explain to the journalists that don't exist such as.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't bring a huge line between men and women or between men and intelligent and women and irrational, we're who we bring that line.
So what we have is a situation in which the more the science advances, the more we have to admit that these categories -- that we thought were stable anatomic categories that correspond directly with stable ideological categories -- they are much more diffuse than we thought.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that is much more complicated than the terminology allows.
As we see, we get into a rough terrain.
Let's look at, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees.
What will we operate from the fact of making them in just a few nuclear?
And as we progress in science, we get more and more in an uncomfortable zone where we need to recognize that the simplistic categories that we're making are probably too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the aspects of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and at the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body becomes human and has different rights to those of the fetus.
There are very heated arguments today, but it's not in public, but I know within medicine about when someone's considered dead.
Our ancestors never had to come up with this question of whether somebody was dead.
As a lot of you put a feather in front of your nose, and if you moved still, you didn't get it.
If I stopped moving it.
But today we can, for example, extract vital organs of a body and put them in another body.
And as a consequence, we need to face the dilemma to really determine somebody's death, and this puts us in a hard situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And maybe you think that this category explosion could get to someone like me.
In politics, I'm a progressive, designing people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that it puts me nervous.
So, you'll find that these categories are much more unstable than we thought of me.
Think from the point of view from the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I'm a forest manager of the founding parents.
I know they were racist, I know they were sexist, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and bold and so radical in what they did, that I found myself every so much by looking at that music was``1976 ,"and not for music, which is totally bad.
That's why it happened in 1976 with the founding parents.
The founding parents were, for me, the first activists of anatomy and I explain why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept and replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And, as everybody remembers, what our parents were rejected was the idea of monarchy, the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of the anatomy.
The old world monarchs didn't know the DNA, but they were clear the idea of birth right.
They had the black blood concept.
They were from the idea that it came to the political power by the region that was transmitted from the grandfather to the father, and then the son, etc.
The founding fathers rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomic concept and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They looked at the game field, and they decided that the anatomy that mattered was the common anatomy, and not anatomical differences . That was very radical.
And in part, they were doing it because they were part of a illustrated system where they were spent two things.
democracy was being tested, and at the same time, it was born science.
And it's very clear, if we look at the history of the founding fathers, that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were taking away from the supernatural explanations, and therefore they were rejected by the concept of the supernatural power being transmitted by a cutting-edge idea of birth.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if you look, for example, the Declaration of Independence, they talk about nature and the god of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consequence, we were broadcasting the idea of the anatomic coincidence.
And by doing that, they were feeling the foundations of the future Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think about it that way, but they did it for us, and it was great.
What happened years later?
And women succeeded.
Then he came the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from the Super Trump of Summit, who said,``Am I not a woman? ''
We found men in the rows of the Civil Rights movement saying,``I'm a man . ''
Again, people of color who appealed to the anatomic coincidence on the anatomy difference, and again, they succeeded.
We see the same thing with the disability movement.
The problem is, of course, as we look at the coincidences, we have to start asking why we keep certain divisions.
But attention, I want to keep some anatomical divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't want to say that we should get to the anatomy.
I don't want to say that the five-year-old kids were told to have sex or married relationships.
There are some anatomic divisions that for me make sense, and I think we should keep.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two things that are focused on the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both concentrated in the middle of 1979, exactly the same day.
So let's imagine that one of them, Mary, was born three months before time: June 1 , 1980.
Henry, on the contrary, was born in terms: March 1 in March.
By the way that I've been born three months before Mary is attributed all the rights three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent, the right to vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for that not because it has a different biological age, but because it was born later.
We found other weirdness in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered man -- -- I haven't told you if it's XY, in virtue of being considered a man now is passive from the mandatory innocent that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary, on its part, doesn't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all the states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman just in some states.
So they still persist anatomical categories that in various ways are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is: What do we do now that science advances so much in the field of the anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that an anatomy based on anatomy could be destroyed?
I don't want to give you science, but at the same time I feel like science is escape.
Where are we going?
It seems like what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude:``Well, we have to draw the line somewhere, so we're going to do it . ''
But many people are trapped in a rare position.
For example, Texas at some point has decided that to marry a man, you don't have to have chromosome, and to marry a woman, you have to have chromosome.
Now, in practice, they don't do chemical exams to people.
But this is also very strange, given the story that I told you at the beginning of the sensitivity syndrome.
If you look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech,``I Have Dean"offers a solution.
It says that we should judge people``based not in the color of your skin, but in the content of your character ,"going beyond anatomy.
And I want to say,``Yes, the idea seems very good . ''
But in practice, how do you do it?
How do people judge people based on their character?
I want to point out that I'm not sure that we should be based on this to guarantee people rights, because I've got to admit that I know of some of the reverses that probably deserve the social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some planets I know can make more informed decisions, smart and mature decisions about their sexual relationships than people in 40 I know.
So how do you put the topic of the character content?
It's very difficult.
And one part of me is wondering what happens if a person's character could in the future will be measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic resonance.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I do know is that it seems to be very important that the United States continues to guide this current thought of thinking about democracy.
We've done a good job in defense, and I think we'll do a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like the Iranian in which a man who feels attracted by other men is susceptible to be killed, unless he's willing to get to a sex change, where he's allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that I had made a few years ago, and then you'd get them to light twins, and then you get their fame.
But when on the phone I asked the reason the operation reason was a very risky operation, he replied that in that other country, these kids would be very abused, and therefore I had to.
I said,``Well, has the political asylum instead of the surgical separation? ''
America offers huge possibilities to people to be who they are without forcing them to change for the good of the state.
So I think we have to be to the head.
Well, to finish, I mean I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as it could have been, if we had given greater participation to mothers.
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist, and that is that I think there can be different ideas from different anatomical microscopes, particularly if there are people thinking about group.
For years, since I've been interested in disbelief, I've also been interested in investigating sexual difference.
And one of the things that has been interested with me are the differences between men and women in terms of how to think and operate in the world.
And what we know about the cross-cultural studies is that women, in average, not all, but in average tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to occupy those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
years ago, when I was in graduate, one of my advisers I knew I was interested in feminism -- I was considered feminist, as I did a strange plan.
\" Tell me what the feminist has about . ''
And I thought,``It's the most silly question I've heard.
Feminism has to do with getting rid of the gender stereotypes, so there's nothing female in feminism . ''
But the more I've thought about your question, the more it has seemed to me that there's something female in feminism.
I mean, there might be something, on average, something different between the feminine brain and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So, if the parents were very attentive to figure out how to protect people from the state of the state, it's possible that, to have made more mothers in this concept, maybe we'd have enriched the concept of protection with a reciprocal support.
And perhaps that's what we need to do in the future when we take democracy beyond the anatomy: to think less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and think more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect one, let's think about what we do for others.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to rethink how we thought about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when each family thinks where they want to go live and work, it has the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents.
Well, right now we're far from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't count a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is they're worth much more than their cost of construction.
So we could easily give it to the world tens, maybe hundreds, of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But simply replacing them for apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments are already owned, and the other half will still fail to do it.
You could try to increase the ability by making expansion in all existing buildings.
But you know that the problem you face is that those buildings and areas that surround them have rules to avoid the upset and the building distractions.
So it would be very difficult to do all of those analysis.
But you could go to a totally new place, build a completely new apartment building, always, and when the norms of that place facilitate construction rather than putting it.
So I proposed that governments create new big reform zones to contain cities and gave them a name: cities under status.
I later learned that I was more or less at the same time, Jane and October were thinking about the Head Report challenge.
They knew that every year around 75,000 honors would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009, Honduras happened by a disappointing constitutional crisis.
In the next regular elections, Pearl Lab was all appropriated with a platform in which it promises reforms and at the same time reconciliation.
He asked October to be his chief chief.
Meanwhile, I was preparing me to give a talk at TEDGlobal.
Through a process of perspective, trial and error, and a lot of users with users, I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under status to their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those rules that say you can't go and upset all the current apartments of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to the new technologies, but it takes both of technologies like rules to progress, and usually it's the rules that prevent us to move forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala sent him to eighth a link with the TEDTalk.
I showed it to judgment.
They called me.
They said,``Let's look at the leaders of our country . ''
So in December we got together in Miami, in a hotel conference room.
I tried to explain to you this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the value of land in a place like New York City, and you see, land, which, in some cases, are worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion, and at some point, when there was a pause, October said,``Paul, maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk talk . ''
And the talk described in very simple terms that a very simple city is a place where you start with deposited terrain, a status that specifies the rules that will be applied there and an option so that people can choose whether they want to go or not live under those rules.
So the president of Honduras called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the way for our country to advance.
He asked me to go to Taliban and talk about four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, which was trying to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denver and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver.
Only this airport covers over 100 square kilometers.
So I was trying to convince the sandwiches that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that measures at least 1,000 square kilometers.
That's over 100,000 acres.
Everybody blew up.
The public faces were very serious and attentive.
The leader leader came up to the platform and said,``Professor Roman, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe you could see the video of the TEDTalk talk.
I have this in my computer . ''
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explained the essential thing, that a new city can offer new options for people.
There would be a choice from a city that you might be in Honduras, instead of hundreds of miles away to the North.
And it also included new options for leaders.
Because the leaders of the Honduras government are going to need help of associated countries, they could benefit from the associated countries that would help them establish and make the standards of the status, so that they could all trust the status to be effective.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is there.
It could easily be about a thousand square kilometers.
And soon after, the 19th of January, they voted in Congress to understand their constitution and add a constitutional device that allowed to create these special regions of development.
In a country that had just happened through this painful crisis, the vote in Congress, in favor of this constitutional limb, was 120 to one.
All the parties, all the factions in society, solved it.
To include the Constitution, you have to pass twice in Congress.
The 17th of February was passed again in another vote , 112 to one.
Immediately after the voting, from 21 to 24 of February, a delegation of about 30 Honduras was to the two places in the world that are more interested in building cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new big center of the city that's being built in South Korea; it's bigger than the Boston center.
Everything that you see there was built in four years after it spent four years, getting permission.
The other country in the building of cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've built two cities in China, and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this practical mode, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that will allow the managers to come, and at once allowed to operate under an external legal system.
One country has already been committed to allowing her Supreme Court to be the ultimate trial for this new court system.
There are urbanism and cities of cities that are very interested in the project.
They can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know you've solved is that they have a good number of inhabitants.
There are many companies that they want to install in the Americas, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there are a lot of people who would like to go live there.
In the world there are 700 million people who say they'd like to immediately change another place.
There's a million a year from Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave back to their family to go get a job; sometimes they're single mothers who have to earn the money for just eating or buying clothes.
Unfortunately, sometimes even kids are trying to meet with their parents who haven't seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what does it seem to be thinking about building a new city in Honduras?
Or do you build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What does it seem to be thinking about insisting for families to choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my Aboriginal friends asked me to say,``Thank you TED . ''
I'm Jesus, and this is my value.
But before I show you what's inside, I'm going to do a public confession, and I live obsessed with suits.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photographing and publishing on my blog, and collapsed, colorful, different suits for each other.
But I don't buy anything new.
All my clothes is the second hand of pulse markets and second hands.
Ah, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my self-report in the environment and in my wallet.
I come to know interesting people; usually my money goes to a good cause; my aspect is unique, and I'll buy it into my personal thesis of treasures.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
will it be from my theater?
Will I like color?
cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel I've won.
Going back to my courage, I want to tell you what I packed for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what does anyone have all that clothes?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought.
I've brought seven pairs of underwear, and nothing else.
clothes inside for exactly a week is everything I've put in my value.
I thought I would be able to find everything else that I'd like to use after getting here to Palm Springs.
And because you don't know me as the woman walking through TED in underwear, that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the sets for this week.
It doesn't sound interesting?
As I do it, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that, believe it or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothes.
Let's start with Sunday.
This is called brilliant tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to look good.
You can always see phenomenal for less than 50 dollars.
The whole thing, including the jacket, cost 55, and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Monday: color is energy.
It's almost physiological impossible to be a bad mood, when you're looking at a brilliant red pants.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars: integration is survival.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time integrate.
Just know yourself.
If you surrounded you from the right people, you don't just understand you, you will also appreciate you.
Wednesday: Free of the child you're inside.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to play the disguise, or I remind them to their seven-year-old.
I like to smile and say,``Thank you . ''
Thursday: Trust is the key.
If you think you look good with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't look good with something, it probably also is true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years that I really understood the meaning.
And I'll explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your interior and outside, you don't see you can't attract.
So there's no excuse for anyone in this audience.
We need to be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Friday: A universal truth six words for you: The golden lenses go with everything.
And finally, Saturday: develop a personal style, and unique is a great way of telling the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried over and over again when people came up with this week just by what I was using, and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously all this is not going to go into my little value.
So before I go home, to Brooklyn, I'll donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave behind certain things.
I don't need to get emotional to these things, because around the corner, there will always be another crazy, colorful, brilliant suit, and if there's a little love in my heart and search.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can split on two parts.
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we used a scale to measure the fitness of each hemisphere, we could design a plane of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who's completely logical.
This would be somebody who's totally intuitive.
So where do you get your brain on this scale?
Some of these extremes will be hit, but I think for most of the integrating people in this audience, their brain is something like this -- with a big attribute in both hemispheres at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually exclusive.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider one of those people, which just like most of the other experimental quantum physicists, we need quite a logic to keep these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need pretty intuition to make the experiments actually work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We're going to play with them and then we see how they react, and then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
A certain intuition that you can have developed over the years is the one that says one thing can be just in one place at a time.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you weren't born with this notion, they developed it.
I remember looking at a child playing in a parking bar.
It was a little kid, and I didn't do it very well, it always fell.
But I bet that the game with that parking bar taught a valuable lesson, and that is that big things don't allow them to transport them, and they stay in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world, except you're a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play parking bars, they play with these strange little particles.
And when they play with their particles, they find that they do all kinds of really rare things -- like they can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations, and they called the quantum mechanics theory.
At that point, the physics was found a few years ago; you needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you didn't need it to describe the big objects around us every day.
That didn't fit very well to my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, nobody saw a particle.
But it also didn't fit at my logical part.
Because if everything is made out of small particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, so I shouldn't all follow the principles of quantum mechanics?
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why I was a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanics overlap.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the metal piece that I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And I'm going to extend it a little bit . It's just in the center.
And then here we make a very good approach to the small metal traffic.
What we see is a small little bit of metal, with the form of transformation, and it turns out in a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I got all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to do this sort of a swimming pilot that's found underneath the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum overlap, but it needs a little bit of help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in an elevator alone, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people go up, I stop doing those things, because I don't want them to bother them, or actually scare . .
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The travel partners of inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that subs it and the wind that passes on the side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this little bit of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to expose all the other passengers.
And that's what we did.
We turned out the lights, then we introduced a vacuum and we extracted all the air, and then we cooled it to a temperature of less than a degree above the absolute zero.
Now, by being alone in the elevator, the little piece of metal is free to act as you want.
So we measured their movements.
We discovered that it moved in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly stuck, I was vibrating, and the way I vibrate was like a breath in this way -- like a sound that expanded and contract.
And by giving you a soft push, we could make it vibrate, and it doesn't vibrate at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that a vivid thing and not vibrate at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In a case, all of the toxics of atoms that make that piece of metal are stuck, and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in certain times when those are aligned.
In the rest of time, they're delusional.
It means that each atom is in two different places at the same time, which means that all the metal piece is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
I was worth spreading in a clean room to do this for all of those years, because, look at this, the difference in scale between one atom, and that little bit of metal is kind of the same as the difference between that piece of metal and you.
So if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places, why not you too?
I mean, it's my logical part.
So imagine if they were in several places at the same time, what would that be?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was disqualified in space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we heat it, and we turn the lights and look inside the box, we saw that the metal was still there in a single piece.
And I could get to this new intuition, apparently all of the objects in the elevator are actually only quantum objects that are just made in a small space.
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not that true.
It's more than that, it's deeper.
It's that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are, and that's the deep queerness of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Amy.
And 18 months ago, I was doing another work in Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss that's here and that allowed me to take it.
It took me 18 months.
Lots of negotiations and stories, I assure it, with 17 very interesting museums in nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on demo.
There are lots of stories of why we did it.
I think my own story is just explaining in this slide, and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
It's a great education of a great education -- I didn't complain, but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museums, I started learning a lot.
And working on Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
Better that he shows the demo to then explain a couple of interesting things that we've done from his launch.
So simply, we go to Googlea.
Look around all the museums there are.
There's the GPS Gapler, the MoMA, the Emmanu, the Renaissancses, the Van Gogh.
I'm actually going into one of my favorites, to the Metropolitan, the art museum in New York.
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple.
We click, and, bam! we are in the museum.
It doesn't matter where they are, Bombay or Mexico, that really doesn't matter.
You move around and divide.
Do you want to navigate the museum?
We open the plane up, and with one click, we jump inside.
They're inside, they want to go at the end of the hallway.
Keep forward . It's fun!
Explore.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings,``The Conservatives"from Pieter Barbara at the Metropolitan.
I see the sign.
If the museum shows us the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here's all the metadata information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured what we call the autobiographical technology.
So this image, for example, contains, I think, about 10 billion pixels.
And there are many people who ask me,``What do you get with 10 million pixels? ''
So I'll show you what you really get with 10 million pixels.
It can run around a very simple way.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really wanted to dive.
So I started playing, and I found something that happened there.
And I said,``Wait, this seems interesting . ''
I went into and discovered that kids were actually playing something.
I did a little bit, I talked to some people at the Metropolitan, and I actually discovered that this is a game called [unclear], which is about hitting an ocean with a stick of Carnegie Tuesday.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they do it, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even deeper, and you'll see that you can actually get to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to pull out the image, so you'll actually see what there is.
That's where we were, and this is the painting.
The best is coming, a second.
So now we're going to quickly jump again to the MoMA in New York.
Here's another favorite of my favorites,``The night star . ''
The example I showed was to find details.
But what if you wanted to see the paintbrush?
And if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this masterpiece?
I increase it and really do it.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this painting, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is``the star night ,"I think I had never seen it.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There are many things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part . It's called``collections . ''
All of you, absolutely everybody, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a mansion, that's the same.
You can online to create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we come into -- I've created this function that I call``The Power of the Lion"-- we just made a boom around.
It's about``The ambassadors"in London National Gallery.
You can take things, send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when you're contemplating these masterpieces.
So in conclusion, I think that for me, the main thing is that all incredible things really don't come from Google.
No, in my opinion, even they don't come from museums.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
Actually, they come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium makes it justice to your artwork, and it's represented properly online.
And the big question I'm doing today is,``You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum? ''
And the answer is no.
It's to supplement the experience.
And that's it . Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think of it is a pixel, a flying pixel.
In our lab we call it sensitive design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I'm from Italian origin, all the kids in Italy grow up with this picture on the wall of your bedroom, but the reason I show you this is that something really interesting happened in Formula 1's careers in the last two decades.
So, just a time ago, if you wanted to win a Formula 1 career, I would take a budget and put it into a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you won the race.
This is what, in engineering, is called real-time control system.
It's essentially a system that has two components: a sensor and an accident.
What's interesting today is that the control systems in real time are starting to enter in our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered by networks and electronics.
They're becoming computer computers.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and actions.
And the cities are big.
As a note, I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the cortex on the planet, but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of energy consumption -- to 80 percent of CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all these detectors and actions are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition of Palestine Anthon for years at MoMA, during the summer.
It's called``Talk I Me . ''
Well, our objects, the environment, start to talk to us.
In a way, it's like almost all existing atoms become sensors and actuators.
And that's changing completely the interaction that as humans have with the outside environment.
In a sense, it's almost like in the old dream of Michelangelo.
You know, when Michelangelo is climbing the Moses, it says that at the end, I took the hammer and I threw it into the Moses, and you can still see a little melody melody, and he said screaming,``Did you stop? Percy?``Why don't you talk? ''
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk to us.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples -- insist on the idea of capturing the environment and acting something.
Let's start with detection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer hopefully in 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup.
Maybe some of you remember it, they played Italy and France, and at the end of the Christmas gave the head.
And anyway, the end won Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at the activity happened in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Coliseum in the middle and the Earth River.
It's tomorrow, before the game.
The timeline is at the top.
By the evening, there are people here and there making calls, moving.
It starts the game: silence.
The Gulf of France . Italy from Italy.
And then, the time, people do a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Second time . End of time.
First additional time, second.
Zoo, and in a moment, the head.
He won Italy, yeah!!
That night they were all to celebrate the center.
You see the big peak.
The next day they were to the center of the winning team and the first minister of the time.
And then everybody went down.
You see the image of the place called Cyrus Massachusett where, from the Roman time, people are going to celebrate; it's a big party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the city pulse in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection: it's not about people, but things we use and consume.
Today we know everything about the procedure of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac, how they assemble.
But we know very little about where things are going.
So in this project, we developed some small tags to track the trash in its shift by the system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us in Seattle recently more than a year ago, to tag what they were throwing, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that are all the way.
Then we put a little chip, a tag, to the trash and then we started to track it.
These are the results.
From Seattle ...
After a week.
And with this information, we realized that there are lots of efficiencies in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that didn't exist before.
They're happening complicated things, and there's a lot of transportation.
But the other thing we believe is that if we see every day that the cup that we're running doesn't disappear, it's still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle that we run a day is still there.
That if we show that to people, then we can promote some behavior change.
That was the reason the project.
My colleague at MIT, Assemble Birbing, could tell us a lot more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in Zarsee.
Everything started with a question of the mayor of the city, which came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of water use in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology, new technology, join that?
And one of the ideas we developed at MIT, in a workshop, was, imagine you have a chaos and valves, solidarity valves, lenses that open and shut.
It's created as a water curtains, with water pixels.
If the pixels fall, you can write on them, show patterns, images, texts.
And when you zoom up, the curtain will open so that we can pass, as you see in the image.
We presented this to the mayor of Bell.
He liked a lot.
And it took a commission to design the building to the entrance of the expo.
We call it the Digital Water pavilion.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows, but when you approach it, it opens up so you can pass.
The roof is also covered with water.
And if there's a little bit of wind, if you want to minimize the salary, the roof goes down.
Or you can close the building, and all architecture disappears, as in this case.
Those days will always be somebody, in the winter, when you go down the roof, somebody who was there and said,``They demolish the building . ''
No, it's not that they have demolished it, but when it comes down almost all architecture disappears.
Here it is working.
You see the people who are intrigued by what happens inside.
And here I am trying not to get to the testing of the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All the children in Vancouver came to the building because the way we interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to leave, but a building that kept making cuts and water holes, and you had to jump to don't get wet.
( Music noises) And for us that was really interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think about the use that people will give us our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact, that people use.
This is a picture of the building with physical pixels, water pixels, and projections about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air, and that each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one we saw before, that moves with others in sync.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of pixels.
You can play with a different type.
Imagine that the screen appeared in different scales and sizes, in different kinds of resolution.
And then that all of that could be a cloud of pixels in 3D where you can zoom up and go through, and see from very diverse angles.
This is the true controlled Florida, going down to form a V, as before . .
When the light comes up, it looks like this . The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by a person.
We can have every pixel with an input that comes from people, from people's movement, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bill -- one of the best ballet dancers today, the Metrican star of New York and the Millennium Scala to capture their 3D movements and use them as a Florida entrance.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see pixels, capture in different resolution.
It's so much 3D digital digital in real time as a movement capture.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can go all the way.
And once we have pixels, we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and rotation.
We want to use this as a possible entry for Flickr.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called La Cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment, as a critic of clouds like a grain cream, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make everybody will give a little bit for a pixel.
And I think the remarkable thing that's happened in the last few years is that in the last two decades, we go from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, like knowledge, and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- the Obama campaign showed us, we can go from the digital world, the self-organizing power of networks, the physical world.
In our case, this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That would mean something built in a city.
But tomorrow, it can be to address today: think about climate change or CO2 emissions, how to go from the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together, collectively.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a particle cloud.
And those particles are water, while in our cloud, they are pixels.
It's a physical structure in London, but covered pixels.
You can move inside, have different experiences.
You can see from the bottom, to be able to share the main moments of the Olympics of 2012 and even more, and it can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So it's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something you can upload, like a new top of London.
You can get there.
As if it was a new digital failure at night, but most importantly, it will be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than you are?
Suppose I told you that, with just some changes in their genes, they could improve memory -- for a more accurate, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe you would like to be in better way, to be stronger, to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and safe from themselves?
What about good health?
Or maybe they're from those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What would you like?
What would you like, if you could choose something?
( Audience Member: Creativity . Creativity.
How many people choose creativity?
Raise your hand . Let me see.
A few . It's probably due to the amount of creative people present.
That's really good.
How many will choose memory?
A few more.
And the physical state?
A little less.
How about longevity?
Oh, most of them . That makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or maybe it's possible?
Evolution has been a theme here at the TED Conference, but today I want to give you a look at a doctor.
The great number of the 20th century, TED . Doung, who also collapsed at the Russian Orthodox Church, wrote a trial called``Nothing in biology makes meaning except to the Light of Evolution . ''
But if you effectively accept biological evolution, consider this: Is it just the past, or the future?
Is it about others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch, well on an extreme, is, of course, that we're most interested in.
We went from a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
There have been maybe 20 different species of hominids.
Some of you have gone back and forth.
We've been here about 130 years.
It might seem like we are very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, mostly the basic machinery of our cells is roughly the same.
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacterium to produce the protein of the human insulin that's used to treat diabetes?
This is not like human insulin, but it's the same protein, chemistry, that comes out of the pancreas.
And talking about bacteria -- do you realize that we all take in the most bacteria than the cells that we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times.
I mean, do you think -- when Antonio Damascus raises you about the autism -- think about bacteria?
The gut is a wonderfully hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, wet, it's very accepting.
And we're going to provide all the nutrients that you can want without effort.
It's really like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some force to the output.
But by so, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They help digest essential nutrients, and they protect us from certain diseases.
But what would the future mean?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or destined to become something different, maybe better adapted to the environment?
In this vast inconsistency symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief compass; the animal kingdom, as one single and unique company, and human life, a small note of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the entertainment part of this talk, so I hope you enjoy it.
When I went back to college, I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental: most of the existence of life, in the single-celled organisms, each cell is simply divided and all the genetic energy in that cell is transmitted to the two cells.
But when multicellular organisms appear, things start to change.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important: with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens, the rest of the body becomes predictable.
In fact, you could say that the inevitability of the death of the body enters evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to tell you that when I was a university student thought, well, sex, sex, death by sex; it seemed pretty reasonable at that moment, but with every year, I had more doubt.
I got to understand George Burns's feelings, which still act in Las Vegas's 90 years.
And one night someone hits his hotel door.
He opens the door.
In front of him, he finds a magnificent light dance.
And he looks at it, and he says,``Come on for a sex soup . ''
\" Okay ,"George says,``I choose the soup . ''
I realized, as a doctor, who was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily contradictory, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to stay healthy.
I wanted to recover health in the disease.
I wanted us to live more and healthier.
Evolution is to pass the genome to the next generation, adapting and survival generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are like refrigerator rockets designed to send the genetic burden to the next open level and then let us fall into the sea.
I think we will all understand the feeling that Woody Allen expressed when he said,``I don't want to achieve immortality through my work.
I want to do it not dying . ''
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the largest or the strongest or the faster and not even the smartest.
Evolution favors creatures better adapted to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
At the bottom of the ocean, the terrible bacteria that you can survive the heat of the smokers that I would produce, if there were fish there, fish, yet, you've managed to make that an electronic environment.
So what does this mean, when we look at what's happening in evolution and if we go back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if we look forward, the next phase -- I would say there are many possibilities.
The first is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, first of all, we've known a lot of genes that otherwise would have been discarded and eliminated from the population.
And second, as a species, we have wired our environment to adapt to us as well as we adapt to him.
And, by the way, we migrate, we collide, and we get so close that it's no longer possible to have the isolation needed to happen.
A second possibility is that you produce an evolution of the traditional type, natural, imposed by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be: that the gears of evolution wheels slowly, but they are inevitable.
And in terms of isolation: when as a species, we collect distant planets there are going to be isolation and environmental changes that can produce evolution in the natural way.
But there's a third possibility, an attractive, intriguing, terrifying possibility.
I call it the neuroscience, new evolution, which is not simply natural -- but guided and chosen by us as individuals in the decisions that we'll take.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we get to do this?
We first consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more males than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what you choose at the individual and family level.
Just think that if you could be able to be able to choose not only the sex of your offspring, but in your own body to do the genetic modifications to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could do the genetic changes to remove diabetes or Alzheimer's risk or reduce the risk of cancer or eliminating application?
Wouldn't they want to make those changes in their genes?
If you look at the future, that kind of changes is going to be increasingly possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990, and it was 13 years old.
I cost 2.5 billion dollars.
The next year of having finished, in 2004, I could do the same job for 20 million dollars in three months.
Today, you can get a whole sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome at a cost near 20,000 and in a week.
It won't be happy so much to make the human genome reality for $1,000 and become more and more and more to reach.
They come up with those changes.
The same technology that has produced human insulin insulin can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves, but they're going to induce immunity against other viruses.
Believe or there's no experimental trial in course with the vaccine against the cultural influenza in cells of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of the tobacco?
That's reality today and in the future it's going to be increasingly possible.
Imagine just two different changes.
Can you change your bodies, but if you could change your offspring cells?
What if you could change the sperm and the votes, or change the newborn egg, and give your children a better opportunity of a healthier life, eliminating diabetes, eliminating hominida, reducing the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want any healthier children?
And then that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce the changes to prevent disease, will also allow us to adopt hypertensia, a better memory.
Why not have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennings especially if you could increase it with the next generation of the Watson machine?
Why not have a faster control muscle that allows us to run faster and more distance?
Why don't you live longer?
This is going to be irresistible.
And when we're in conditions of happening this to the next generation, and we can adopt the attributes that we want to have become the evolution of before in the neocortex.
We're going to take a process that normally could take 100,000 years, and we can compress it to 1,000 years, and maybe it's within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have to have.
Are we going to use these options in terms of a better, more successful society?
Or are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us, but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniform or more robust and more versatile?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the deepest thing about all: are we going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit wisdom to make these decisions wisely?
For good or for bad, and before what I might think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a big explosion when you're at 900 feet tall.
Imagine an airplane full of smoke.
Imagine a motor making clear, clear, clear.
Of course, click, class, click . It sounds terrifying.
Well, I had a unique seat that day . I was sitting in the 10th.
It was the only one I could talk to flight assistants.
So immediately I looked at them, and they said,``No problem . We probably hit some birds . ''
The pilot had already lived the plane, and we were not so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot line the plane with the Hudson River.
Mostly that's not the route.
I turned out the motors.
Imagine being in an airplane and without noise.
And then he said three words.
The three most respected words I've heard.
He said,``preparing for impact . ''
I didn't have to talk more with the flight assistant.
I could see it in his eyes.
It was terror . Life was finished.
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get, and I didn't, all the fences I wanted to repair, all the experiences I'd wanted to have and never had.
As I was thinking about that later, I came up with a phrase, which is,``collections wine . ''
Because if the wine is ready, and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to apply anything in life.
And that urgency, that purpose, has really changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is as we were looking at the George Washington Bridge, which wasn't for much -- I thought about, wow, I really feel a great weigh.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity, and my mistakes I've tried to improve on everything I did.
But in my humanity, I also give rise to my ego.
And I regret the time I wasted in things that don't matter with people who matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as a measure, I decided to eliminate the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels wonderful.
I'm not trying to be right anymore; I choose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock goes down,``15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water approach.
I'm saying,``Please fly . ''
I don't want this to break in 20 pieces as you see in those documents.
And as we went back, I had the feeling of, wow, dying, I didn't fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all of our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go; I love my life.
And that sadness was embedded in a single thought, which is, I just wish one thing.
I wish I could see my kids grow.
One month later, I was in a update of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent -- still . And scream, crying, as a little.
And to me, that was the whole reason to be the world.
At that point I understood, by connecting those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a big parent.
Of course, the only goal I have in life is to be a good parent.
I get a miracle, not to die that day.
And I was told by another gift, which was the possibility to look at the future and go back and live otherwise.
And you're flying today, the challenge you imagine that the same thing happens to you on your airplane -- and please don't -- but imagine, how do you change?
What do you do, you still hope to do because you think they're going to live forever?
How do they change their relationships and the negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents you can?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most great thing I worked on was this guy.
The guy is called TEDTalk.
TEDTalk was one of the most important farmers in the 1980s.
He came to his house after he ran and he said,``Dad, I feel a hole in the legs . ''
And that was the beginnings of ALS.
Today, TEDTalk has total paralysis.
You can only use your eyes.
His job influenced me.
I have a design firm and animation, so obviously, graffiti is something intricate that we admire and respect in the art world.
So we decided that we were going to partner to Tony, TEDTalk, and its cause.
So I went, and I met her brother and her father and I said,``We're going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with it? ''
And his brother said,``I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him, and he's able to communicate with me . ''
And I said,``One second, isn't it that I see Stephen Hawking's not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices? ''
And he said,``No, unless you are somebody important and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said,``Well, how do you communicate then? ''
Anyone to see the movie``The Standard and butterfly? ''
They communicate in that way -- they're doing it with the finger.
I said,``That's archaic . How can it be? ''
So I came up with the only desire to deliver a check, and instead of that I signed a check that didn't have the least idea of how I was going to cover.
I engaged with her brother and his father there at the moment,``All right, this is the deal: Tony's going to talk, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to make your art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who's so much in their interior can't communicate it . ''
So I talked about a conference a couple months later.
I met these guys called Great Research Lab, who have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface and then, with a laser pointer, draw about that and record negative space.
So they go around doing art installations like this.
All the things that appear, they say, are part of a cycle of life.
They first start with sexual organs, then with the bad words, then with the Bush attacks, and at the end, people start to make art.
But there was always a cycle of life in their presentations.
And it started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization, after a lot of organization, and a lot of moving things from one side to another had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the gates of insurance companies and we got a machine so that TEDTalk could communicate, a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun thing; I call it YouTube because when I talk to the guy, you get an email from him, and you say,``I don't deserve it . This guy is fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers around the world literally from all the corners of the planet to our house.
My wife, kids and me, moved to the back garage and these hackers and programmers and conservatives and anti-pounds took control of the house.
A lot of our friends thought we did something completely stupid, and that when we were back, they would have taken out the walls out of the walls and in their place there would be graffiti.
But for two weeks, we went into the sea floor of Venice, my son was part, my dog, and we created this.
It's called Edinburgh, NY, and you can see description.
They're a pair of cheap sunglasses that we bought in the sea floor of Venice Beach, some copper wire and things from Homo Depp and Radio Shah.
We take a PMS camera, we open it, we put it on a LED light, and now there's a device that is free -- it builds yourself; we publish the software free, the software goes free.
And we create a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company that says``no . ''
There is no hospital that can say``no . ''
Any person with paralysis today has access to drawing and communicating only their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much to you . That was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks, we went back to the GMT room.
I love this picture because this is somebody else's room, and that's his room.
There was all this pen and anti-pound during the great opening.
And after more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming, intense sessions of the night, Tony came back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life and he's looking through the support system of his life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a projector on a wall of the outside of the hospital.
And he went back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and they would imagine what the feeling of the parking was.
The funny thing was that we had to switch in the parking, so we felt like we were reading graffiti too.
At the end of this, he sent us an email, and this was what he said,``This was the first time I drew in seven years.
I felt like I had been under the water and someone finally came to rescue me, and I would get out of there so I could breathe . ''
Isn't that wonderful?
So that's our scream of war.
That's what keeps us in motion, developing.
And we have a long way to go with this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a magical screen.
Someone with this artistic potential deserves much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust.
Since then we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've won a lot of prizes.
Remember, it's free; none of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were like,``Oh, this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong tweet something about us and then, in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventions of 2010, and it was really cool.
The best thing about this -- and this is what ends up closed the circle is that in April this year at the MOOChour in the center of Los Angeles, there's going to be an exhibition called``Art in the streets . ''
And``Art in the streets"is going to have the best exposes of urban art, Bondon Fair, CAPTA all of them are going to be there.
TEDTalk is going to be in the show which is pretty impressive.
So, basically this is my idea: if you see something that's not possible, it makes it possible.
None of what there is in this room was possible -- the computer, the computer, the microphone, the Scottish nothing was possible at some point.
Make it possible -- anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with hidden recognition technology; I just recognized something, and I was associated with wonderful people to be able to make it happen.
And these are the questions I want us all to do every day when we find something that we feel to do . If it's not now, when it's not me, who?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years moving in very difficult situations and at the same time a very dangerous.
I went to jail -- hard.
I worked in a coal mine -- dangerous.
He filmed in areas of war -- difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating this -- fun at the beginning, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career, I've been immersed in situations in a horrible appearance with the only goal of trying to look at social issues in ways that are attractive, interesting, and hopefully analyzing them in a way that they're trained and accessible to the audience.
So when I knew I would come here to do a TEDTalk about the world of brands and the sponsorship, I wanted to do something a little different.
So some of you may have heard it, or no, a couple weeks ago, I took an airplane in eBay.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, I offered the rights of the name of my TEDTalk in 2011.
What I had was the following:``You know,``My TEDTalk, present: My TEDTalk that you have no idea what it is about and content could be explained in the face, especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or your company.
But I said this, it's a very good media opportunity . ''
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
A lot.
It's a title in progress, by the way.
So even with that saving, I knew somebody was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you would have asked me a year ago, I couldn't be able to tell you with certainty.
But in the new film that I'm working on, we look at the world of marketing, of advertising.
And as I said earlier, I've been involved in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, nothing could anticipate me, to something as hard or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a movie.
Morgan Spiral: I want to make a film that deals with products of products, marketing and advertising, and the whole film funded with a collection of products, marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to call it``The largest movie ever sold . ''
What happens in``The largest movie ever sold"is that everything from up down, beginning to end, has branding images, all the time, from the aspiration that appears before the title, the X mark.
Now this brand, Malaria State, State Center.
These people were going to be associated with film to perfect -- forever.
And so the film explores all this idea . (Michael Assange: It's redundant) ) Is that? (MK: It's redundant .) To perfect forever?
I'm a red weight . (MK: I just say it .) It was more by emphasis.
It was``Unit . forever . ''
But we're not just going to have the X-ray sponsors in the title, but we're going to make sure we're going to take all the categories we can in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe and it becomes the most cool shoe you've used.
The most cool car you've ever driven in``The largest movie ever sold ,"the best wheat you've been drinking, it's``The largest movie ever sold . ''
Vanuans Jack: The idea is then, in addition to show the brands as part of life, make them fund the film? (MS: To make it fund the film .) MS: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The goal of the entire film is transparency.
You'll see the whole process in this movie.
That's the whole idea, the whole film, from beginning to end.
And I would love that CEO will help make it happen.
Robert Friedman: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that; it's the ultimate respect for the audience.
GB: I don't know how much the people are going to be to that.
XL: You have a perspective -- I don't know if``angle"is very negative, but you know how it's going to replicate? (MS: No idea .) David Cohen: How much money does it need to do this?
MS: One million and a half . (DC: All right . John Kamen: I think it's going to be hard to meet with them, but certainly it's going to be worth convincing a couple of big brands.
XL: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the movie comes out, we're seeing a lot of joyful idiots.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Rushing: Most of the answers will be``no . ''
MS: But will it be hard to sell, by the film or for being me?
JK: Both things.
MS :...it means you're not very optimistic.
So, do you help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: Okay . (MK: Okay .) Awesome.
MK: We have to think about which brands.
MS: Yes . (MK: That's the challenge -- when you look at the people you have to treat.
MK: We have some places where to go . (MS: Okay .) Keep the camera.
MS: I thought that``to turn the camera"meant we had a conversation out of microphone.
It turns out the camera means,``We don't want to know anything about your movie . ''
MS: And that was, one by one, all these companies suddenly disappeared.
None of them wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And I was very impressed; I thought that the concept of advertising, was to present the product to as many people as possible, to make so many people see it as possible.
Especially in the world today, this intersection of new media and old media and the stage of separate media, isn't the idea to count with that new worthy of attention that's going to lead the message to the masses?
No, that was what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a claw error and that error was this.
No, there was no mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been fine.
But the problem was what this image represents.
See, when you look for transparency images ,"in Google appears -- this is one of the first images that appear.
I like your roll, Sergey Brin . No.
This was the problem: transparency -- free of simulation or deception, easily detailed or seen -- easily understandable, that it characterized by the visibility or activity of information, especially in business practices -- being the last line perhaps the biggest problem.
You see, we hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name it, the president, the name, even the CEOs name it.
But suddenly when it comes to it, it really changes something.
But why? Well, transparency gives fear -- like that weird bear that still keeps burning.
It's unpredictable -- like this rare rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is wrong?
Let me get a whole cup of Cool whiskey.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and telling them that we wanted to tell this story, and they said,``No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell us our story . ''
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he is staring at how he used to say,``Son, there are three sides in every story.
There's your story, there's my story, and it's the real story . ''
As you see, in this film, we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency wanting to help me -- and that just because I knew John Bond and Richard Kevin in many years, I realized that I would have to go on my own, I would have to take on the middle and go to companies myself with all my team.
So what I started to warn all of a sudden -- that I started to realize that when you start to conversation with companies, the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big films, huge, giant films and others who make small films, independent films, like mine.
And my friends who make big Hollywood films, giant, say that the reason their films are so successful is due to the associated brands they have.
And then my friends who make independent films say,``Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant Hollywood movies? ''
And the film is called``The largest movie ever sold . ''
How are we going to see B specifically in the movie?
Every time I'm going out, every time I open my button, you'll see the destiny Bank.
At any time during an interview with someone, I can say,``Are you fine for this interview?
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview . ''
And there's one of these fabulous developments.
So as much``Florida fusion ,"as``Paragons of paradise ,"they're going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have both for man as a woman -- solid, blood, in mud, whatever.
That's the general view.
Now I can answer your questions and give you a proposition.
Karen Frank: We're a small brand.
It's similar to the kind of smaller movies that you told; we are more a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that has other brands.
So, doing things like that, you know, remind people Bank, is the reason why this is interested in.
MS: What words would you use to describe B?
B is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Woman: The top technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something you put in the armpits.
Man: We talk about something audacious, fresh.
I think``cool"is a great word that really puts this category in positive versus``combat smell and sweat . ''
It keeps you fresh.
How do you keep you cold more time? With better, more fresh, three times more fresh.
Things like those who are the benefits.
MS: And that's a billionaire company.
What about me? What about a common guy?
I need to talk to the man on the street, people like me, to the ordinary leaders.
They have to talk to me about my brand.
MS: How do you define your brand?
Man: Mmm my brand?
I don't know.
I like good clothes.
Woman: checking the '80s, paper paper unless it's day of washing.
MS: Okay, what is the Gertrude brand?
Georgia: something unique . (MS: I guess the kind of gender, the style I have would be like a dark glamour . ''
I like dark colors, lots of gray and things like this.
Usually I take accessories like sunglasses, or I like crystals and similar.
Woman: If Dan was a brand, it could be a classic convergence ,' Mercein Benz.
Man 2: The brand I am, I would call it a casual flight.
Woman 2: In a hippie part, in a sound part, in part of Boyle, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of pets.
Seeing toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because I handed the market.
Man 5: Marcus scanned marketing.
Is that something?
lawyer: I'm a lawyer.
Tom: I'm Tom.
MS: Well, not all of us can be brand Tom, but I often rank into the intersection of dark glamour, and I'm flying.
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed someone who could go into my head, someone who could help me understand what they call the brand personality.
And I found a company called Oliver Valley in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Nets, February, Hallmard to discover that brand personality.
If they could do it for them, they could surely do it for me.
Apple: Transport the photos, right?
MS: Yeah . The first picture is a family picture.
A: Tell me a little bit about how you relate to your thoughts and feelings your way to be.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world that you live in -- as people around you, your friends, your family, how you live your life, the work you do.
All those things originated and start in a place, and in my case, they originated and start in my family, in West Virginia.
A: What is the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next day is the best day of my life . ''
A: How do you relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way to be?
MS: It's like who I want to be.
I like different things.
I like weird things . I like weird things.
A:``Why"-- what does that look like?
What's the magic? What phase of spades are you now?
Why is it important to reset? What represents red?
Tell me a little bit about that.
... a little bit more of you, which is not who you are.
What other metaphors have you had?
You don't have to be afraid . What kind of rollercoaster you are?
MS: Ow! (A: Thank you .) No thank you.
A: Thank you for your patience . (MS: Great work) A: Yes . (MS: Thank you very much .) Okay.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of madness in all this.
LP: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides, but complementary, in your brand personality; the brand Morgan Spiratol is a collective brand.
They're very good together.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong points or in the other rather than focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend to -- and it's human nature to avoid the things that are not safe; they avoid fear, those elements, and you actually give them up and make something positive to you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are that?
The first here is the classic, Apple.
And you can see here to Target, Wii, Mini of Mini Cooper and Jerusalem.
There are now playful brands and conscious brands, those things that have gone and come, but a scientific brand is quite powerful.
MS: A connection . What is your brand?
If someone asks you to describe your brand identity, your brand personality, what would be?
Are you an accident attribute? Are you somebody who makes blood flow?
Or are you more well a descendants attribute?
A little more calm, reserved, conservative?
Submission attributes are like being fresh to be fresh like the Prince, contemporary, adventure, bold or audacious like Europe Franklin, fast or agile, profane, dominant, magic or mystic like Gandhi.
Or are you more of a mess attribute?
Are you conscious, sophisticated as 2015?
Are you established, traditional, provider, protector, you identify with Oprah?
Are you trustworthy, stable, family, trustworthy, safe, sacred, contemplative or wise, like the Dalai Lama or YouTube?
In the course of this film, we had over 500 companies, accompanies and descendants, who said``no ,"they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control on the end product.
They allowed us to tell the story of thought-controlled, and we got to tell the story in this movie of how they now use magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain so much for commercial marketing as for cinema.
We went to St. Paulo where they've banned advertising outdoors.
All over the city over the last five years there are no valleys, there are no posters, no fly, nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are making path in schools with liquidity problems in the United States.
The incredible thing to me is that the projects I've had the biggest response or I've been more successful to are those where I've been interacting with things directly.
And that's what these brands did.
They took the inmates, they took their agencies out, and they said maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to deal directly with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that's going to make people think, who will challenge the way we look at the world.
And how do you go? Did you succeed?
Well, since the movie is being stressed at the Story Festival, let's take a look.
According to Burrock, the movie is in January, and since then -- -- and this is not all about 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This covers only a two and a half weeks.
That's just online -- no press, no TV.
The movie is still not distributed.
It's still not online . It's not in the ground.
It hasn't even been presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not wrong because almost all the agencies that we talked about, they would advise their clients, not to be part.
I've always believed that if you risk, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you take people out of that, you're pushing them into failure.
I think when you train your employees in the risk of risk, you're preparing all your company to look at rewards.
I feel that what has to happen to progress is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We have to encourage people to have no fear of opportunities that they can scare them.
Ultimately, to move forward, I think we have to give rise to fear.
We have to put that bear in a cage.
We open fear . We open the risk.
From a spoon at once, we have to embrace risk.
And ultimately, we have to force transparency.
More than ever a little bit of honesty is going to go a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all my talk,``We open transparency"has been presented by my good friends of CMU who by $7,000 bought the rights of the name in eBay.
EM: converted big data into big opportunities for companies around the world.
\" We open transparency . ''
Thank you very much people.
June Cohen: So, Morgan, in behalf of transparency, which happened exactly with those dollars?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket, I have a name of the name of the TED matrix organization, the Savanta Foundation, a check for $7,100 to be applied to my TED assistance of the next year.
The idea behind the Scottish computer worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their biggest asset for developing nuclear weapons is the U.N. incubator plant in Nature.
The gray boxes that you see are real-time control systems.
If we managed to compromise these systems that control speeds and valves, we can cause a lot of problems with the centrifuge.
The gray boxes don't use Windows software; they're a completely different technology.
But if we managed to put an effective virus of Windows in a portable computer used by an engineer to make this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Saturn.
We started with a Windows installation.
The forest goes into the gray box, damage the centrifuge, and the nuclear nuclear program is demoghted; mission accomplished.
It's easy, huh?
I want to tell you how we discover this.
When we started investigating about Stanboard six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing that was known is that it's very, very complex at the Windows part: the installation used multiple harm vulnerabilities.
It seemed like I wanted to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
So that called us attention, and we started an experiment where we infected our environment with Stuxnet, and we saw what happened with this.
So, very strange things happened.
Scottish behaves as a laboratory rat that he didn't like our cheese: wave it, but he didn't want to eat.
I didn't make sense for me.
And after I experienced with different cheese tastes, I realized, and I thought, this is a targeted attack.
It's completely directed . ''
The installation is actively looking for the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working in that place.
If no, Stuxnet does nothing.
So that's what I called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought,``We don't know what the goal is . ''
It could be, let's say for example, a U.S. energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
Better we would discover the goal soon.
So we extracted, and we downloaded the attack code, and we found that it was structured in two digital bombs: a small and big.
We also saw that they were armed very professionally by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the points that I attack.
They probably even know how much the operator is.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the installation of Stockholm is complex and high tech, let me tell you: charge is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here's a sample of this attack code.
We're talking about about 15,000 code lines.
It looks pretty much the old assembly language.
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code.
What we were looking at at the beginning were called the systems of the system, because we know what they do.
Then we looked for temperature and data structures and we tried to relate them with the real world, with real world potential potential.
We need theories about destinations that we can approve or trash.
To get to theories about targets, we remember that it's definitely a violent soup, it must be a valuable white, and it's surely located in Iran, because it's where most infections have been reported.
You don't find several thousands of targets in that area.
It basically boils down to the nuclear power plant from Bush and the Nature incubator plant.
So I said to my assistant,``I take a list of all experts in centrifuge and energy plants between our clients . ''
I called them, and I consulted them in an effort for putting their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we could associate the little digital observer with the control of the broken.
The broken is that cell part inside the centrifuge, that black object you see.
If you manage the speed of this rotor, you can certainly bring it up and even make the centrifuge explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and download in an obvious effort for getting crazy to maintenance engineers, so they couldn't solve this quickly.
We try to decipher the big digital obligation by looking very close to data and their structures.
So, for example, the number 64 is coming out in that code, you can't be obvious.
I started researching scientific literature about how these centrifuge are built in Nathan and found that they are structured in what's called a waterfall, and each waterfall contains 146 centrifuge.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better yet.
These closes in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we found in the attack code?
A almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of trust to understand what we had between hands.
So that there's no misunderstanding: it didn't.
The results have been obtained after several weeks of hard work.
We normally ended up in the collapses, and we had to start.
Yet, we found that both digital opinions were pointing on a single and same goal, but from different angles.
The small pump is taking a waterfall, and making the rotors spin and transplant them, and the big wheat communicates with six waterfalls and manipulating valves.
In sum, we're very confident that we've determined what the destiny is.
It's Nature, and it's just Nature.
We shouldn't worry about other targets to be reached by Starbuck.
I showed you some very interesting things that we saw, really impressed me.
There's the gray box, and you see the centrifuge.
What this thing does is interpret the input values of the sensors for example, pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provides legitimate code, which still runs during the attack, with false input data.
And, believe it or no, these fake input data is prepared by Stuxnet.
It's like in Hollywood movies where, during the theft, the security chamber feeds from video video.
Is it great?
The idea here is obviously not just to break the operators in the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive.
The idea is to build a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the big steam turbines is happening, you should open escape valves in a milliseconds.
Obviously, this can't make a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're committed, then they can spend bad things.
The plant can exploit.
And the operations nor the security system will notice.
That scares.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this . This attack is generic.
It has nothing to do, specifically, with centrifuge, with uranium efficiency.
It could also work, for example, in an energy plant, or in an automotive factory.
It's generic.
And you don't have -- as an attacker -- that you do this burden with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Stuxnet.
You could also use conventional worms of worms to disseminate it.
Distributed it as possible as possible.
And if you do that, what you end up is with a massive destruction cyber.
That's the consequence we should face.
Unfortunately, the biggest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and in Japan.
All the green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals.
We need to face the consequences, and better we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ralph, it has been done in many sides that people assume that the Moses is the main entity behind this.
What is your opinion?
Ralph Langara: Okay, do you really want to hear this?
Yeah . OK.
My opinion is that the Mississippi is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber superpower.
There is one, and that's the United States, fortunately, fortunately.
Because otherwise, our problems would be even greater.
CA: Thank you for joining us . Thank you, Ralph.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take, and you can take supermarket skills, or another one that makes users of wheelchair get up and walk.
In``Berkeley Bionics ,"we call these robots, exoskeption.
They're nothing different from something that's put in the morning, gives you a great force, which is also increasing its speed, and helps you, for example, to manage balance.
It's actually the true integration of man and machine.
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connect it to the universe and with other external teeth.
This is not an wrong idea.
To show you now what we're working on, we start talking about the American soldier who, on average, has to take on her back a 45 pounds charge, and it's demanding to take even more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back , 30 percent of the soldiers -- with criminal damage.
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help manage the issue.
Let me introduce you to the UCLA -- or cover universal Human charges.
Soldier: With the TED exoskeleton, I can put 90 pounds per variable terrain for many hours.
Their flexible design, it allows you to be able to get in the lines to drag and execute movements with great agility.
It perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then increase my strength and my resistance.
Edith Benjamin: We're ready, with our industrial partner, to produce this device, this new exoskeleton, this year.
I mean, it's a reality.
So let's go back now to the users of wheelchair users, about what I feel particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people who are about wheelchair, all over the world.
Like one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation.
We talk about something that happens frequently, very young people, with damage in the vernacular column than they start their life -- at 20 , 30 or 40 years -- collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only option.
We also talk about the population that's aging rapidly.
His only option, many times -- by a brain injury or some other complication -- is the wheelchair.
And this has been for the last 500 years, from its successful appearance, as I should recognize.
So we decided to start writing a new chapter about mobility.
Let me introduce you to the EEG who is using Amanda Bothboard who 19 years ago had a lesion injury, and as a result, she couldn't walk for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Bothboard: Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our EEG, which I mentioned.
It has some sensors.
They're completely not invasive in the crutches that send signals to the computer on board, here on the back.
There are also some batteries that give the motors into the hip, and in the knees, and they make it advance with this soft and very natural.

In a fraction of second, I lost all feeling and all the motions of the pelvis down.
Shortly time later, a doctor came into my room in the hospital, and he said,``Amanda, you'll never walk . ''
That's 19 years ago.
I was stolen to the last fish of my self.
The adapting technology since then, I've been allowed to learn how to slow down in ski, climbing rocks and even riding in hand bike.
But they haven't invented anything that allowed me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change life to future generations -- not just soldiers, but Amanda, and all the wheelchair users, everybody.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the baton, they practice sex to say hello, and play is the order of the day -- where fun is serious.
And no, it's not the festival of the Middle Man or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, they know their cousins.
This is the world of the wild bonobos in Congo forests.
The bonobos are, together with chimpanzees, their closest living relatives.
That means we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, who lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known for their aggression.
But unfortunately, we've made too much leverage in this aspect in our narrative of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big, terrifying types, the Bonobo society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special, because this leads to a very tolerant society where lethal violence has not yet been observed.
But unfortunately, Bonobos are the least understood of the big apes.
They live in the depths of the Congolese forest, and it's been very difficult to study them.
Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the fog itself -- stage of a violent conflict that has been planted for decades and caused almost so many deaths as the First World War.
No wonder that this destruction also puts the survival of the Bonobo.
Human meat trade and deforestation make you can't fill a stadium with the bonobos that are left in the world -- and honestly we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos, you can hear the hidden laughter getting the trees.
Who are these cousins?
We know them as the apes``make love, not war ,"because they have frequent sex, equipment and bisexual to manage conflicts and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all of humanity's problems given that the Bonobo's life is more than the Dalai Survey.
The bonobos, like humans, they love playing throughout their life.
Play is not just a game of children.
For us, and for them, play is fundamental to establish links and foster tolerance.
With him, we learn to trust, and we learn the rules of the game.
Play increases creativity and resilience and it has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions, diversity of behaviors, connections of connections.
And when you look at the Bonobo game, you see the evolutionary roots of laughter, dance and human rituals.
The game is the glue that binds us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos taken from the wild.
First of all, it's a Bonobo stimulation game, and I don't talk football.
Here's a female and a young male in the middle of a persecution.
Look what she's doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase,``He has it grab from the balls . ''
I just believe that in this case, he loves it, right?
Yeah.
So sexual play is common as much in Bonobos as in humans.
And this video really is interesting because it shows -- this video really is interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to play as the testes, and also how play requires trust and foster trust -- and at the same time it's most fun.
But play is political.
The game is political, it can adopt a lot of shapes, some of which are more quiet, imaginative, curious -- maybe the place where wonder is discovered.
And I want you to see -- this is Furby, a young female, who's playing with a relative water.
I think, as she, sometimes we play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner worlds and outside worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, interact, and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real seed of creativity.
These are just little samples of understanding that Bonobos give us our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a increasingly difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities.
In other words, play is our adaptation.
To adapt successfully to a world that changes we have to play.
But will we leverage the maximum our game capacity?
The game is not frivolous.
The game is essential.
For Bonobo and humans alike, life is not just cruel and ruthless.
When it looks as appropriate to play, it can be the moments in which it's the most urgent.
That's why, primates, we accept this gift of evolution and we play together as we remember creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York I'm responsible for a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood.
When I'm not fighting poverty, I combine fires as a captain assistant in a volunteer fire body.
And in our city, where volunteers have a highly skilled staff, you have to get to the site of the fire very soon to enter in action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer on the site, so I had a pretty high probability to go.
But there was still a race on foot against the other volunteers to get to the captain in charge and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain, I was cooled in a conversation with the owner that certainly I was going through one of the worst days of his life.
We were in a row night, she was standing outside in the rain, under a umbrella, in pajamas, barefoot, while her house was in flames.
The other volunteer that I had just arrived before I was, called Lester Luther came first to the captain, and this asked him to come in and save the dog's dog.
The dog! I was so jealous.
There was a lawyer or a money gesture that, during the rest of his life, I would have to tell people that I went into a building in the flames to save a live living because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the next.
The captain made me a breakthrough.
He said,``Bezos, I need you to come home.
I need it to go up, go through fire, and bring this woman a couple of shoes . ''
I swear.
It wasn't exactly what I expected, but I was -- I went up the stairs, at the end of the hallway, I went to the actual firemen ,"that at that height, they had just finished turning out the fire and went into the main room in search of a pair of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my load back through the staircase where I met my Neuros and the precious dog on the main door.
We took out of the house the treasures for the house of the house where, as I was waiting, their treasure received a lot more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter from the house of the house by the brave effort, shown to save their house.
The kindness that she looked at the other was that someone had reached him even a couple of shoes.
Both in my vocation in Robin Hood as my voice as a volunteer fireman, I'm a witness of generosity of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also of acts of grace and courage at the individual level.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So, when I look at this room to people who have achieved, or they are for making, remarkable levels of success I'd like to remind you: Don't wait.
They don't wait to win the first million difference to make a difference in someone's life.
If you have something to give, give it now.
They serve food in a dining room, clean a neighborhood park.
Be mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save someone's life, but every day we'll be able to influence someone's life.
So they go to play; they save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, comes back.
Mark Bezos: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a big fan of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1865 with a very simple idea: cement modules of a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used construction unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build bigger things than us, like buildings or bridges, a brick at once.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, LIGO came up with this.
It was called an automatic assembly brick.
And in a few years, LIGO bricks came to every home.
It's estimated that you've made more than 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineers to build beautiful bridges, buildings or houses.
LIGO made it accessible.
LIGO simply adopted the concrete block, the favorite in the world, and it became a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to announce: the new building block.
The transistor was a small plastic unit that would take us from a world of aesthetic brick balls to each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Like the concrete block, the transistor allows to create much greater and more complex circuits, a brick at once.
But there's a main difference: The transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of taking the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started development.
I'm going to show you how it works.
Triceratops are electronic modules each with a specific function.
They're predicted to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about it is that they unite through magnets.
So you can't be placed wrong.
The bricks have a color code.
The green is the output, the blue is the current, the pink is the entrance and the orange color is the wire.
So you only have to assemble a blue with one green, and very quickly you can start to make older circuits.
A blue with a green produces light.
We can put a button in the middle, and we have a regulation.
If we change the button by a pulse module, it's here, and now we have an interesting light.
We added this buzzer to create more impact and we have a noise machine.
I'll stop this.
So beyond simple play, Litts are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program, connect and soldier, Litts allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
To take faster or slower, you simply turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind Little Litts is that it's a growing collection.
We want all the interactions in the world are reduced to bricks ready to use.
Light, sounds, solar panels, motors; everything must be accessible.
We've given Little Little Little children to see them play with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best is how they start to understand the electronics of every day that is not learning in schools.
For example, how a light night works, or why the door of an elevator gets open, or how an iPod responds to touch.
We've also led Little Little Lesters to design schools.
So, for example, designers without experience in electronics are starting to play with Letters as a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and painting, we have George creating ...
( Clicks metronome) A a few weeks ago, we took Little Island's designers for Rhode Island School, which don't have any experience in engineering, just in cardboard, wood and paper and we said,``Do something . ''
Here's an example of a project that you've done, a confidence canyon activated by movement.
But wait, here's my favorite project.
It's a locust made of plastic that has fear of darkness.
For these not engineers, Litts became another material, electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be at the grasp of everyone.
So Litts has open code.
You can visit the website, download all of the design files and manufacture them.
We want to encourage a world of creators, inventors and collaborators because this world we live in, this interactive world, is ours.
So ahead and to invent.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company is looking for us to engage with the environment.
The distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm . Wait for a moment.
You can get a little bit in charge.
We can -- we can continue better leave the video on one side.
No.
This is not ...
All right.
Solar technology is ...
Oh, I've been terms of time?
All right . Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything they're supposed to stop; we asked them to work in the government.
The initiative was called Code for America, and it would be like some Peacochers' bodies.
We select some members every year and we put them to work with the municipalities.
Instead of sending them to the Third World, we sent them to the wild world.
They made great applications; they worked with municipal employees.
Their task is to show the possibilities of today's technology.
You know Al.
This is a cartoon in the city of Boston.
Here it appears as if I look for a quote, but what really looks for is that someone's clean it when it comes to the snow, because it knows it's not very good at turning fires when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did he get to ask help in this unique way?
Last year in Boston, we had a team of Chemists for America.
They were there in February, and at that time I had a lot of last year.
They realized that the city never cleaned these comics.
But one of the members called Erik McGowan noticed something else: that citizens cleaned up with sticks the sidewalks right in front of them.
So he did as any good programmer, developed an app.
It's a nice application where you can adopt a hydrant.
You accept to wipe it when you snow.
When you do it, you put a name, in this case, I put Al.
If you don't do it, somebody can robot.
I mean, it has a playful component.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 scheduled applications last year.
But it does something that no other government technology does.
And it stretches in viral form.
A responsibility of the city of Honor, when you saw this app realized that I could use it, not for snow, but for citizens to adopt tsunami sisters.
It's very important that these tsunami Mermaid works, but people stole batteries.
So it asks citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens look at the shot designers.
And Chicago just launched it to get people registered to clean sidewalks.
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has been spread without friction, organically and natural.
If you know a little bit of government technology you know that this doesn't happen normally.
Software acquisition usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston, we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that we had done it by normal channels, and it would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's nothing.
Now there's a project in the judicial power of California that the moment has cost about 2,000 million dollars and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this in every level of governance.
So an application that's programmed in a couple of days and spread in viral form is a kind of tyranny of warning to the institution of the government.
It suggests the best way to work, not as in private companies, as many people think it should be.
It's not as a technological company, but rather like the Internet itself.
I mean, without restrictions, open and generative form.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents how the government issue that has new generation -- not as a problem of an inclusive institution, but as a collective action problem.
And that's very good because it turns out that we are very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy.
And it's not only Code for America, but there are hundreds of people around the country that contributes with civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given by the government.
They feel a big frustration before that, but they don't complain, they fix it.
And these people know something that we've lost.
And that is, if we leave the feelings of politics, the line at the DMV, and all those other things that put us crazy, government is essentially, in the words of Tim Olympic:``What we do together because we cannot . ''
Now, many people have abandoned government.
If you are one of those people, I would ask you to remember it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change; government does.
And because the government ultimately comes out of us -- remember that from``We, the village"? The way we think about it to affect the way we produce change.
I didn't know a lot about governance when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought the government was to choose people to occupy charges.
Well, after two years, I've come to the conclusion that the government is, especially, about gardens.
This is the telephone care phone of services and information.
It's the place that you can see if you check 132 in America.
Scott took this call.
\" Zaratak"in the official knowledge base.
I didn't find anything . It started with animal control.
And finally he said,``Hey, can you open the gates of the house, put strong music out and see if you go? ''
And it worked . So, well, Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the gardens.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
He has an app, web and mobile, called Congress Connecticut.
We don't program that application.
It was the very clever people in the Office of the Boston University of Boston.
One day, this really happened, and this really happened,``Zaratan in my trash bucket . I don't know if it's dead.
How do I take it out? ''
It's different.
Scott was talking in person.
In Congress County, it's all public, so you can all see this.
In this case, he saw a neighbor.
The next report said,``I approached the place, I found the garbage behind the house.
Zarborn? Yeah . Live? Yes.
I went around the cube . I went home.
Good evening, sweet grade . ''
Quite simple.
This is great . It's the confluence of digital and physical.
And it's also a great example of government income to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And I don't necessarily mean the definition technology of platform.
I talk about a platform for people to help and help others.
So, a citizen helped another, but here the government had a key role.
I connected to the two people.
And I could have connected to the government services of being necessary, but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When one neighbor helps another, we put together the communities.
If we call animals, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we have to think about government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but think that one is the entrance of the other.
That our entry system is the vote.
How many times have they chosen a political leader? Sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader, and then we hope that the government reflects our values and satisfy our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because government is like a huge ocean, and politics is the surface layer of 15 inches.
Underneath it is what we call bureaucracy.
And we say that word with a lot of contempt.
But it's that contempt that holds it to us that we finance as something that operates on our against, that other thing, and we're actually losing power.
People believe that politics is sexy.
If we want this institution to work, we will have to make bureaucracy sexy.
Because it's where the real government works.
We have to collaborate with government machinery.
That makes the Occupy movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of concerned citizens that have written a very detailed report of 32 pages in response to the request of the SETI on the financial reform project.
That's not political activism, it's bureaucratic activism.
And for those of us who have been resistant to the government, it's time that we're asking us what world we want to leave to our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really think we're going to get where we have to go where we have to go to the institution that can act in behalf of all?
We can't figure out government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to reframe the function of government so that it can expand to the civil society.
There's a generation that grew up with the Internet, and it knows that it's not so hard to act manually, you only have to articulate the systems in the right way.
The age of our members of our members is 28 years, so I, to regions, I'm a greater generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk about; they're all going to talk.
They can express their views in any channel at the same time and they do it.
So when they face the government problem, they don't care a lot to hear their voices.
They're using hands.
They put hands to the work to program apps that make the government work better.
And those applications allow us to use hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaning a hydrant, taking weeds, dumping a garbage cube that has a grassland inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those comics, and a lot of people do it.
But these applications are like digital reminder that we're not just consumers, we're not just consumers of government we pay taxes and we get services.
We are more than that: we are citizens.
And we're not going to fix government until we don't fix the citizenship.
So I want to ask all the present, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, will we be a crowd of voices, or will we be a crowd of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jails, prisons and on death row.
I've spent most of my life in marginalized communities, in projects and places where there is a lot of despair.
And to be here at TED, watching and hearing these stimuli has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time is that TED has identity.
And the things that you say here are impact around the world.
Sometimes, if something comes from TED, it makes a sense and a force that wouldn't have otherwise.
I mean this because I think identity is truly important.
Here we've seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a professor can make a lot of sense, but if you teach feeling, you can have a special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, if it's charitable, it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I actually didn't learn this in the practice of the right, my job.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family dominated by a matriarch, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, I had power.
It was the last word in every family discussion.
She started a lot of the decisions in our home.
He was daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born in slavery in Virginia about 1800.
She was born on the 1880s and his experience with slavery as he saw the world.
She was hard, but it was also loving.
When I was small, and I looked at it, she came up to me and gave me a good hug.
I was so lucky that I could barely breathe and then left me.
One or two hours later, I went back to looking at it, and I came up and said,``Bring, do you feel my hug? ''
And if I said no, I would grab again, and if I said yes, I was left in peace.
I had this human quality that I would always want to be close to.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the least of 10.
Sometimes when I was going to spend a while with her, it wasn't easy to capture their time and attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight nine years old, I woke up one morning, I went into the room, and there they were running all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At first I thought it was a game.
So he looked at it and smiles, but she was very serious.
After 15 minutes, she got up, through the room, he took me out of my hand and said,``You see Brian . We're both going to talk . ''
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me out and said,``Brian, you'll tell you something, but you can't tell anyone . ''
I said,``Okay, Mom . ''
She said,``Now you're not going to do it ."I said,``Sure . ''
Then I sat down, looked at me and said,``I want you to know I've been watching you . ''
And he said,``I think you're special . ''
He said,``I think you can do whatever you want . ''
I'll never forget it.
Then he said,``I just want me to promise three things, Brian . ''
I said,``Sure, Mama . ''
And he said,``The first thing I want you to promise is you will always want your mother . ''
Adam:``She is my daughter, and you have to promise you to always care . ''
As I loved my mom, I said,``Yes, Mama, I will . ''
Then he said,``The second thing I want you to promise is you will always do the right thing, although the right thing is . ''
I thought about it, and I said,``Yes, Mama . So I'll do it . ''
Then, finally he said,``The third thing I want you to promise is you never drink alcohol . ''
I was nine years old, and I said,``Yes, Mama, I'll do it . ''
I grew up in the field, in the rural South . I have a brother a greater year and a sister a smaller year.
When I was 14 15, a day my brother came home with a six beers package, I don't know where I took them, I would grab my sister and me and we went to the forest.
We just came up with the crazy ones.
He took a break of beer, offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me.
I said,``No, no, no . Okay . You follow, but I'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said,``Come on . Today I do it . And you always do the same thing as us.
I already took something, your sister too . Take a beer . ''
I said,``No . I didn't feel good . You can follow . ''
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said,``What happens? It takes a beer . ''
And I got my gaze with strength, and I kept,``Oh, you're still thinking about the conversation with breast . ''
I said,``But what are you talking about? ''
He said,``Mom tells all the grandchildren who are special . ''
I was broken.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that probably shouldn't say.
I know this will be widely spreading.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit I've never taken any alcohol droplet.
I don't say this thinking it's a virtue; I say it for the power that identity has.
When we create the right type of identity, we say things to others that really don't see sense.
We can't get them to do things that don't think you can do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all of their grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been prisoner during the ban.
My uncles died of age-related diseases.
And these were the things that, according to her, we had to engage ourselves.
Now, try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is very different than what was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
There are 2.3 million.
We have the largest incarceration rate in the United States.
We have seven million people in ordinary freedom.
And this massive incarceration, in my opinion, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor or black communities, it's so much dense, so much despair, determined by these facts.
One in three black between the 18 and 30 years is in jail or in conventional freedom.
In urban communities around the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Washington , 50 to 60 percent of all the young people in color are in jail or in conventional freedom.
Our system is not just distorted in front of race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a court system that is much better if you're rich and guilty, that if you're poor and innocent.
It's not guilt, it's wealth, which is the results.
And we seem to feel very quiet.
The politics of fear and anger makes us believe that these are not our problems.
We're disconnected.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work some very curious developments.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, you're deprived by rights forever if you have a criminal condition.
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years, the level of the rights loss of rights will be so elevated to how it was before they passed the law of the right to vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent kids.
Many of my clients are very young.
The United States is the only country in the world where you feel 13 years to die in prison.
We have in this prison country for children, no possibility to go out.
Right now we're in a process of some litigation.
The only country in the world.
I represent people on the death row.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
In a sense, they have taught us to think that the final question is, people deserve to die by the committed criminals?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think another way about how we're in our identity.
There's another way to look at it: it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die by the committed crimes, but, if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by error.
Out of nine people executed, it's identified one that is innocent, and it's liberated and released from death row.
A rate of error, amazing, an innocent in every nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation, it would never allow them to ever pilot airplanes if every nine to wake up, you would have to star.
But somehow we get rid of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our burden.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of if we deserve to kill.
It's interesting that in my classes with students on African-American history, I talk about slavery.
I talk to you about terrorism, the time that started at the end of the rebuilding, and it lasted to the Second World War.
We don't really know much about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a little defined by the terror.
In many communities, people were afraid to be released.
I worried about being bombed.
The threat of the terror was what defined their lives.
Now there are older people who come up with me, and they say,``Mr. Stevenson, you tell talks, it makes people speeches, I tell people that they stop saying that in our history, we're dealing with terrorism, after 9/11 . ''
They ask me to say,``No . Say we grew up with that . ''
The age of terrorism continued, obviously, with segregation and decades of racial suburbia and separation.
In this country, we have a dynamic why we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we historically have done.
All the time we collide each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us work to talk about race . I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome racial segregation without a compromise with truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before genocide had this engagement, but in this country we hadn't done it.
I was in Germany giving talks about death penalty.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said,``You know it's well worrying to hear what you say . ''
Adam:``We don't have death row in Germany.
We can naturally never have it here . ''
The room was silent and a lady said,``There's no way that with our story, we can never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intentional and deliberately, we got to execute people . ''
Think about this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, to execute people, especially if they were mostly Jews?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet there is this disconnect.
I think our identity is in danger.
If we actually don't care about these issues so difficult, positive and wonderful things are, yet, involved.
We love innovation.
We are fascinated by technology . We love creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are embedded by suffering, abuse, degradation, variability.
In my opinion, you need to integrate both things.
We lately talk about the need to have more hope, greater engagement, more dedication with the basic challenges of the life of this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor, the deserts, the ones that will never get to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that's within our own self.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
So we are, despite being so rational, so committed to the intellectual.
With innovation, with creativity, development comes not just the brain ideas.
These things come from food ideas also for the convictions of the heart.
This connection of mind with heart is what drives us to look at us not only in the brilliant and delusion, but also in the dark and how hard.
Vance Haboot, the great leader leader, talked about this.
He said,``When we were in East Europe suffering the oppression, we did all kinds of things, but mainly what we needed was hope, orientation for spirit, a will to be in place of hopelessness and be witnesses . ''
Well, that orientation for spirit is practically at the heart of what I think, that even in communities like TED, should be engaged.
There is no disconnect related to technology and design, which allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, to exclusion, to inequality, to injustice.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts build a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's find them.
I had the great privilege, being a very young lawyer, to meet Rosa Parks.
These women come together simply to talk.
Occasionally, Mr. Car called me, to tell me,``Brian, it comes the lady Paris . We're going to come together to talk.
Do you want to come and listen? ''
I said,``Be ma'am . I want . ''
So she said,``Well, what do you do when you come? ''
I said,``Listen to you . ''
So I went and I just heard them.
It was very vigorous, very light.
And in an occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Ms. Parks went to me and said,``Now, Brian, let me be that idea of equal justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do . ''
And I started giving me my speech.
I said,``Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We're trying to help those who have been completely convicted.
We tried to confront prejudice and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice.
We tried to end with life sentencing, without parole freedom for children.
We tried to do something about the death penalty.
We tried to reduce the population in prisons.
We tried to end mass incarceration . ''
I gave it all my best speech, and I finally looked at me, and he said,``Hmm Hmm mmm . ''
And he added,``I'll end up exhausted, very exhausted . ''
At that moment, the Ms. Carrie, he put my finger on his face and he said,``That's why you have to be very, very brave . ''
I think that actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We have to figure out how to tackle those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that every one of us is higher to the worst we've made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if somebody says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if somebody takes something that doesn't belong to you, it's not a thief.
Even if someone kills another, it's not a murderer.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who must be respected by the law.
I also think that in many parts of this country, and certainly, in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
This is not.
I really think that in many parts, the opposite of poverty is justice.
And finally, I believe that even though it's very dramatic, very beautiful, very illuminating, very stimulating, we're not going to be judged by our technology, for our designs, or our rational or rational ability.
At the end, you judge the character of a society, not the way you treat rich, powerful and privileged, but because of the way you treat poor, the doomed, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand truly profound issues about what we are.
And sometimes I'm unfortunate . I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I make too much force.
I'm tired, like everyone.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasons in an important way.
I've been representing these kids who have been sitting with a lot of toughness.
I'm going to jail, and I see my 13 and 14 clients who have been trained to be judged as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge make someone in what's not?
The judge enabled it as an adult, but I see a child.
One night too late, I was awake thinking -- by God, if the judge can become something you're not, you must have magical powers.
Yes, Brian, the judge has magical powers.
You should ask some of that.
As I was too late, I couldn't think properly, but I started working in a backpack.
I had a 14-year-old client, a small, poor, black.
I started working in the mucus, with a comment that said,``Monthan for my black client in 14 years to be treated as a president white of 75 years, executive of a corporation . ''
In the mucus, I had been able to have been independent behavior in the accusation, the behavior behavior and the process.
There was a bold line about how in this country there is no ethics, but a whole lack of ethics.
On the next morning, I woke up thinking that thing that would be a dream, or actually I wrote it?
For my horror, I didn't just have recorded it, but I had sent it to the court.
About two months, I had forgotten it.
And finally I decided -- oh God, I have to go to the court for this stupid case.
I went up to the car, and I felt really overwhelmed, overwhelmed.
I went in the car to court.
I thought this would be very difficult and ugly.
I finally dropped out of the car . I walked to court.
I was climbing up the stairs when I found a older black man; it was the judge of the judge.
When she saw me, he came up and said,``Who is you? ''
I said,``I'm a lawyer ."He said,``Is it a lawyer?"I said yes.
So I'm approaching and hug me.
And I was whispering in the ear.
He said,``I'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you now that that was vigilant.
That's deeply connected with me, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a hope vision.
Well, I went into the audience room.
Now, the judge saw me.
And he said,``Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this dead mountain? ''
I said,``Yes, Mr. was me ."And we started discussing.
People began to get . They were all outraged.
I was the one who had written those crazy madness.
The cops came up with the police prosecutors, the alternatives.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people, all furious because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the anger of the eye I reached to see the counselor that went and came.
He was looking down the window and he refused to hear all that scream.
I kept walking for here and there.
Finally, this old black, with a concern face, went into the room and sat behind me, almost on the lawyer table.
About 10 minutes later, the judge decided a recession.
During the rest of the mayor, an algorithm assistant showed because the counselor had entered the room.
The attendance was sticking on the old black.
And he said,``Jimmy, what do you do in the audience room? ''
And the old black stood up, looked at the assistant, looked at me, and he said,``I went into this audience room to tell this young man who kept their view in the target . ''
I've come to TED today because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big, but it folds towards justice.
We cannot be truly human if we don't care about human rights and dignity.
That our survival is linked to others.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity must lead to the ones of brotherhood, compassion and justice.
And above everything, those of the people who share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view in the target.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious desire of the audience, this community, to help in your purposes, to do something.
Something that isn't a crash . What can we do?
KS: There are several opportunities nearby.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a referendum in which you're going to do a effort in order to deliver the funds that you spend today in punishment policy.
For example, here in California, you're going to spend a billion dollars on the death row, in the next five years . billion dollars.
And despite this , 46 percent of the murder cases don't conclude in arrest.
56 percent of rapes don't get to anything.
Here's a chance of change.
This reference is going to propose that these funds are broken to make the law, to security.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in crime in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation is said that it has to do with the biggest incarceration rate.
What would you say to whom you think that's this?
BC: Actually, the rate of crime with violence has remained relatively stable.
The great growing growth in this country is not by crimes with violence.
It's because of the wrong war against drugs.
That's why it comes up with this dramatic increase in the prison population.
And we let ourselves convince the rhetoric rhetoric.
We have three legal causes to bring people into perpetual chain -- to steal a bicycle, by small crimes against ownership, rather than making those resources back to their victims.
I think we have to do more to help the victims of the crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy about punishment does nothing for anyone.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brian, we've been excited today here today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED . Thank you.
Announcer: They grow the threats by Bin Laden's death.
Authority 2: famine in Somalia . Voice 3: The police thrown O.C . spray.
Moral 4: Deposided posters . Forest 5: Crowd morals.
Moral 6: social decline . South Mora 7 : 65 dead.
Announcer 8: tsunami warning: Context 9: cyberattacks.
Several structures: the shark war . massive destruction . Massach.
Recent . Bang . End judgment . Egypt . Syria.
Crisis . Death . Death . disaster.
Oh, my God!
Peter Diamandis: These are just some of the clips I got in the last six months, and unfortunately they could be the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that the press media prefer to provide negative news because our minds pay attention.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second of every day, our senses get a lot more data than the brain can probably process.
And as nothing cares more than survival, the first stop of all of those data is an old snippet of the temporal lobe called amygdala.
amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
It ordered and recorded all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm.
That's why a dozen stories we would prefer to look at the negative.
That old adage of the press:``If there is blood, it's very true.
And because all digital devices give us negative news, the seven days of the week , 24 hours a day, no wonder we're pessimistic.
Not surprising that people think that the world is going wrong in worse.
But maybe it doesn't.
Maybe, instead, what actually happens is that we get distractions.
Maybe the enormous progress done in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems: climate change, species extinction, water scarcity and energy; we certainly have them.
As human beings, we are very good at putting problems, and in the long, we end up with them.
Let's look at it in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average life is more than doubled, average income per capita per capita is tripled around the world.
Child mortality has shrunk 10 times.
Also, the cost of food, from electricity, transportation and communications, has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we are living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kennedy that global literacy happened from 25 percent to more than 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we keep putting more and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefine the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today in America today, a lot of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, toilets, refrigerators, television, mobile, air, and cars.
The manufacturers of the past century of the past century, the planets on the planet, would never have dreamed of such luxury.
Now, supporting a lot of this is technology, and lately, its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that comes in the information technology jumps in this curve, Moore's Law, and doubled the performance of price in about 12 to 24 months.
That's why the mobile phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer in the '70s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First, how soft it is -- in good and bad times, in war and peace, in recession, in depression and booming.
It's the result of rapid computers used to build faster computers.
It doesn't stop before any big challenge.
And even though it's graffiti on the left, it's curved goes up.
The growth rate of technology is itself faster and faster.
And in this curve, from Moore's Law, there's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we count today.
The computation in the cloud, that my friends from Autodesk call infinite computing, sensors and networks, robotics , 3D printing and its ability to democratize and distribute personalized production across the planet, synthetic biology, fuels, vaccines and food, digital medicine, Neanderthals and A.I.
I mean, how many saw the victory in Beijing, of IBM?
It was epic.
I looked for the newspapers the best headline that would be.
And I love this one:``Watson comes to human opponents . ''
Jeopardy is not an easy game.
I play with the nuances of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone in the cell phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Singapore University.
We teach them these technologies to our students, and, in particular, how they can use to solve the big challenges of humanity.
And every year we ask them to release a company, or a product or service, that can potentially affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact a billion people's life.
Thirty years ago, it would have been absurd.
Today we can point out a tens of companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean creating luxury life for every single person on the planet; it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that that's scarce and getting it plentiful.
You see, scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
Let me give you an example.
It's a story of Napoleon 3 , 1800.
He's the guy on the left.
He invited the king of Simon.
The Napoleon troops eat with silver covered, and the same Napoleon, with gold covers.
But Sam's king, ate with aluminum covers.
You see, aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet; it's more than the gold and plastic.
That's why the tip of the monument to Washington is aluminum.
You see, although aluminum is 83 percent of the Earth's mass, it doesn't come as pure metal.
It's bound by oxygen and silicon.
But then the electronics came and made the aluminum something so cheap that we used it as if it was destroying.
We project this analogy towards the future.
Let's think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet bathed by 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They get to Earth 16, every 88 minutes.
It's not about scarcity, it's about accessibility.
And there are good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the daughter per day : 8,000 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, solar electricity costs six cents per hour compared to the 15 cents of the national average.
And if we have plenty of energy we also have plenty of water.
Let's talk about wars by water.
Remember when Carl Sagan pointed the Voyager Space spacecraft on Earth, in 1990, after Saturn happened?
It took a famous picture . How did it be called?
\" A pale blue dot . ''
Because we live on a water planet.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent water.
Yes , 97 percent is saltwater, two percent is ice, and we fight by 0.5 percent of the water on the planet, but there is also a hope.
It's a technology available in 10 years, but right now.
The nanotechnology comes, the Neanderthals.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innocent innovators -- I'd like to share with you, gave me permission to do it -- your technology called Slaves, maybe knowing it is the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water a day from any source water source, contaminated water, a latrine for less than two cents the liter.
The president of Coca-Cola just agreed to do an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes out well, and I have full confidence that it will be, Coca-Cola implemented it globally in 2066 countries on the planet.
This is an innovative innovation by this technology that exists today.
And we've seen it on mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent penetration of mobile penetration in the developing world for the end of 2013.
Think about it, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya that President Reagan 25 years ago.
And to tell a smartphone with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of information abundance and communications that nobody could have predicted ever.
Better than that, the things that you and I have paid tens and hundreds of thousands of GPS dollars, video HIV, images, book libraries and music, medical diagnostic technology now is democratized and lose market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing comes when the health applications arise.
Last month, I had the pleasure of announce with the Malaria Foundation, something called the X Magazine Prize , 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the teams of the world to combine these technologies in a mobile device that they talk to, and since they have AI, they can take, they can extract blood.
To win it has to make better diagnosis than a certified medical equipment.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the death burden is 25 percent, and there are 1.3 percent of health workers.
When this device sequence a virus of RNA or DNA that doesn't recognize, call the health care and, first of all, prevent the pandemic.
But this is the biggest force of producing a world of abundance.
I call it the billion in increase.
The white lines here are the population.
We've just gone through the seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to empower the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it will move from two billion to five billion users of the Internet.
Three billion minds ever before that they add global conversation.
What would these people want?
What will you consume? What do you want to have?
And instead of an economic collapse we will have the largest economic injection in history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars in the global economy.
And you're going to be more health because of the Triberation, of a better education with Academy Khan and because of the use of 3D printers and computing in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can we do three billion more members of humanity, educated healthy and productive healthy?
What about some voices ever before?
What if we give them the oppressed, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and could act for the first time?
What are these three billion?
What if it's contributions that we can't predict?
One thing I learned with the X Prize is that small teams, guided by their passion with a clear goal, they can do extraordinary things -- things that they could only do the big corporations and governments.
I'll end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you know.
It's called Fourcas.
It came at the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how the protein is folding.
folds determine structure and functionality.
It's very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a supercomputer problem.
They've played with these college teachers, each other.
Then hundreds of thousands of people came up and started playing it.
And it's shown that today the recognition machinery of human patterns is better folding proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge trust in the future is that today we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet today.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the blood innovation.
We have the capital of the telescope.
And we have three billion new minds that will be used to work in the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
The delivery of the game.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, I'll give you three examples to make time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1853.
You might believe that you're chasing pictures, but it didn't.
It actually collected fish.
And he described one of them as a very common.
It was the groupers.
I spent it very much until the 1880s.
Now the fish is in the Red List of the IUCN.
But we've heard this story many times, about Galapagos and other places, so that has nothing special.
But the case is that we still come to Galapagos.
We still think they're pristine.
The brochures still say they're intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept: the shift of waist.
Because I was there in 1971 studying a lagoon in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could integrate.
I burned a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first exposure to the sun.
The lagoon was surrounded by palms, and as you can see, of some mangroves.
There was about 20 inches, the black beard thylacine.
And the fish of this thylacine was very abundant, and it was going on for a good moment, so it made more than the average in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later, the amount of fish had diminished half.
At five inches.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And fish still were happy to be there.
I mean, nothing changed, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was complicit in the introduction of the dragged fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, I started in the 1970s Europe, he started in a lot of development projects.
The fishing development was able to impose countries that already had 100,000 fishermen, imposing industrial fish.
And this boat, quite ugly, was called Murray 4.
I went out to fish in it, and we did studies in the south of the South China Sea, and especially in the Java Sea.
What we captured is something that was unimaginable.
We captured, now I know, the bottom of the sea.
Ninety percent of what we captured were sponges, other animals that are in the background.
And most fish are tiny spots on some remains, remains that are coral reef fish.
In summary, the bottom of the sea came to the deck, and then it was thrown.
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast.
In a year, you do a study, and then you start the commercial fishing.
The background goes from being a solid coral fund, in this case, to be a light.
This is a dead turtle.
They didn't eat them . They were desperate because they were dead.
Once we captured a living.
I was still not drowning.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of remains is what the fishermen is collecting every time they go to an area where they have never fish.
But it's not documented.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We adjust the score point, the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this, something like this happens.
On the y-axis, we have good things: biodiversity, quantity, the verb of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time . It changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation will use the images that we get at the beginning of their conscious life as normal and the extraction forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
But they didn't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the amount of change.
And at the end, I'll keep a few restrained miserable.
And that, largely, is what we want to do now.
We want to keep things that are no longer anymore, or they're not what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they've done until a few generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that's very abundant, before we get extinct, is unusual.
You don't lose plentiful animals.
You lose little animals.
Even if this isn't perceived as a big loss.
Over time, we focused on big animals, and in a synonymous sea of big fish.
They become unusual because we fish them.
Eventually there are a few fish, but we think that's the starting point.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, many people, scientists, question that it was very different.
And they'll do it because the evidence presented in a previous way is not the way they expect to have the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some people present, like that captain such and such a lot of fish in this area can't be used, or usually don't use the scientists of the fish, because it's not``scientist . ''
So, we have a situation where people don't know the past, although we live in built societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
Hence the huge role that can be made a protected marine area.
Because with protected marine areas, we actually get the past.
We record the past that people can't conceive because the point of departure has run and it's extremely low.
That's for the people that you can see a protected marine area, and you can benefit from the vision that it provides, which allows them to delete their game.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access, like people in the Middle West, for example?
I think that the arts and cinema may fill the vacuum . simulation.
This is a simulation of the Chesapeake Bay.
A long time ago there were gray whales in Chesapeake Bay; 500 years ago.
And you've noticed that nuances and tourists are like``Avatar . ''
And if you think about``Avatar ,"if you think about what people are moving with the movie -- -- I'll talk about the story of Pythagoras why are you going to have the images?
Because it evolves something that, in a sense, has lost.
That's why my recommendation, the only one I'll give, is to Cameron, to make Apple II underwater.
Thank you very much.
Hi . I'm Kevin Alli, the YouTube trends manager, and I look at YouTube videos in a professional form.
It's true.
So today, we'll see why videos are made and how important that.
We all want to be stars: celebrities, singers, comedians -- when I was younger, that seemed very, very difficult.
But today the Web video makes any of us, or our actions, copper notoriety in a part of our global culture.
Anyone can do famous on the Internet in a sanctity.
It's over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And of those, only a little percentage is made viral, it gets infinite of visits and wins cultural momentum.
How does that happen?
Three things: trends of trends, community creators and surprise.
Well, let's start.
Beau Valentia: Oh my God, my God, my God.
My God!
Wow!
Ooh, wow!
KA: Last year, Beatrice Vender published this film video outside his house in the North National Park.
In 2010, it was 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproduction of the popularity of the past summer.
Berlin is not proposed to make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if you call Mosothel Mountain Bear.
I had already published a lot of videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kimmel.
Jimmy Kimmel published this tweet that catapult the video to popularity.
The trends of trends like Jimmy Kismet present us new and interesting things, and they divide them into a wider audience.
Rebecca Black: It's Friday, Friday . You've got to start the Friday . Everybody wants to get the weekend, the weekend . Friday, Friday . You start the Friday . KA: You won't think we can have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
\" Friday"from Rebecca Black is one of the most popular videos of the year.
You saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Just like``ark done double ,"this video seemed to have emerged from nowhere.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask for those other peaks, they're also Friday.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday?
Well, I took it, Tom Tohin, and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson, from Mississippi Science Theater, was one of the first people to make a joke on the video on Twitter.
But the important thing is that a person or a group of trends, they adopt a point of view and share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So, this community of people who share this great internal joke then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 participants on YouTube on YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for every other day.
Unlike the University of the 20th century, this community participation is our way to be part of the phenomenon double-like or doing something new with it.
Nine Cat is a repetitive animation with a music chord.
That's what it is.
This year, it was about 50 million times.
And if you think that's weird, you know that there's a three million times version that has seen four million times.
Even the cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats to see the video.
But the important thing here is creativity that woke up between the Internet Telescope community.
There were setbacks.
Somebody made a version of the ancient.
And then it became international.
Suddenly, it came up with a whole community of remix that made this happen from being a stupid joke to something that we could all form.
Because today we don't just enjoy, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted``Archive Islands ,"or Rebecca Black or``Nine Cat? ''
What was the script of writing that I could have written this situation?
In a world where two days of video come up with two days of video per minute, only that very unique and unexpected thing can be unleashed as these things have done.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who protected against the kids to riders in New York, I admit that I didn't care too much.
Casey Star: I was charged by not circular for the bicycle, but there are often obstacles that prevent you properly by the bicycle.
KA: Thank you for the surprise effect and his humor, Casey Star made five million watched and understood his idea.
So this approach is worth all the new thing we do in a creative way.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Beau Valley: What does this mean?
Ooh.
KA: What does this mean?
trend creators, creative communities of participation, totally unexpected, are features of a new kind of media, a new culture, that we all have access to and is the audience that defines popularity.
As I said before, one of the current celebrities in the world, Justin Bieber, started on YouTube.
They don't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we are all a little bit of a little bit of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media, it's just the media of the current media, but define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that is still running.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece: a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a playwright, a man whose entire life was supported in the unique hope of unity and freedom of its country.
So imagine it as the communities go into Saint, facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain.
The words, for so long, is now born.
It became quiet.
He died burned by history.
This is my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget their story.
My task was not to let that have been in vain, and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to stop us, but we put it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat when it's going to be silent by the sea.
My mother, Maine, was only 18 years old when her father died, and a concentrated marriage and two little girls.
For her, life had been destined to a task alone: the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
He was inconceivable for her that he couldn't do it.
And after a four years, he challenged the fiction, a boat faded into the disguised sea disguised.
All adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was pirate, rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother took a fragment with poison.
If we were caught, first we would take my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant rate of the engine, the plot diving in every wave, and the horizontal and empty horizon.
I don't remember the pirate pirates that came out several times, but they were fooled with the importance of men in our boat, or the engine dying and not to run for six hours.
But I remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the Malaysia coast, and the young man who collapsed and died, finished the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, given by the men of the platform.
No apple had the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee camp, we developed in Melbourne.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women across three generations shaping a new life together.
We set up in Four, a class suburb, which population is made of immigrants.
Unlike the average class suburbs, whose existence I did, in Fountain, had no sense of the right.
The smells that come from the shops were from the rest of the world.
And the fragments of the dead English were exchanged among the people who had a common thing: they were starting again.
My mother worked on farms, then on a car assembly line, working six days, double turn.
Yet, I found time to study English and get a title in IT.
We were poor.
All the dollars were assigned, and it established an extra tutor in English and mathematics, no matter what you should take away, which was usually new clothes; it was always a second hand.
Two media pairs for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the ankle, because I had to last six years.
And there were weird and painful songs about the``random eyes"and some graffiti:``Asian, go home . ''
How, where? ''
Something in me gets stuck.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said,``I'm going to give you . ''
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was exhausted every night, but we were about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered nightmares, all the boat.
And my task was going to be awake until his nightmares will start to wake up.
She opened up a computer store, then I studied to be stupid and opened another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't do the transition, angry and inexplicable, and traveled kids between two worlds.
They looked for subsidies and sponsors.
And they created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic Asian student, implanted with what I was talking about myself.
On the other, I was rooted in prison lives, tragically listed by violence, drug abuse and isolation.
But many received help over the years.
And for that work, when I was studying my last year of lawyer, I was elected by the year Australian of the year.
And I was captured from a piece of puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit.
And so Le, I read an anonymous Antarctic resident, was now so Lending and social activist, invited to speak in sites I had never heard of, and in houses whose existence would never have imagined.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use the covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about nothing.
I wanted to retreat the routine and the comfort of life in an MRI suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters finishing the day as they did for almost 20 years, counting on each one's day and running asleep, the three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom I couldn't do it.
I remembered that I had the same age that she had when we got into the boat.
The``no"had never been an option.
\" Make it ,"he said,``And you don't know what you don't do . ''
So I talked about juvenile destruction and education and determination to marginalized and destroyed.
And the more frankly I talked, the more it was requested to talk.
I met people from all the paths of life, many of them doing what they loved, living in the border of the possible.
And even though I finished my literature, I realized that I couldn't stay in a career race.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a stranger, a newly coming, new on the scene -- and not only is it okay, but it's something that will be grateful, maybe a ship gift.
Because being in the inside can easily mean collapses the horizon, it can easily mean accepting your province.
I gave the enough steps out of my comfort zone to know that, yes, the world gets crumbling, but not the way we fear.
Possibilities that wouldn't have been allowed to be allowed tremendously.
There was an energy there, an improbable optimism, a rare mixture of humility and bravery.
So I followed my intuition.
I went to a small group of people for who the motto``can't do"was an irresistible challenge.
For a year, we didn't have a penny.
At the end of every day, I made a giant soup of soup that we all shared.
We worked up to the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant ones, and we opened up.
I made the decision to move to the U.S.
After a single trip.
My hearts again.
Three months later I had moved, and the adventure continued.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time where Congress was social norm and the local Mandarin was the person who mattered.
Life hadn't changed for centuries.
Her father died shortly after she was born.
The mother raised it alone.
At 17, it became a condition of a Mandarin whose mother was beaten.
No support of his husband, he caused a journey to demand it and take the cause of her, and a lot more revolutionary caused when he won.
It can't be done to be wrong.
I was in the shower in the fourth of a hotel in Sydney when she died, to 1,000 miles, in Melbourne.
I looked through the shower of the shower and I saw it standing on the other side.
I knew I had come up.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Fortunes and we sat around their coffin.
We told him stories and we made sure we were still with it.
At night, a monk came and told us that he had to close the attack.
My mother asked us to feel their hand.
I asked the monk,``Why is your hand hot, and the rest of the body so cold? ''
\" Because you have taken your hand from the morning ,"he said.
\" You haven't solved it . ''
If there is a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Given who we were and how life formed us, we now can see that the men who have come to our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat had easily gotten.
Now I want to have my own kids, and I wonder about the boat.
Who might want that for yes?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a program in your lives, dive up in every wave, the constant rhythm of the engine, the horizon that doesn't guarantee?
I don't know.
But if I could give it to and see them safe, I would.
Transit Nigerians and also the mother's mother is here today, in the fourth or fifth row.
My story starts in Rajasthan about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the Sufi Ali singer.
We were conversation of how nothing has changed from the old Indian epoxy,``The Mahabharata . ''
In those days when the Indians wanted to travel, we went back to a car and we broke the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time when I came up, the great Indian warrior, the big Indian warrior, had a sign, took a bow, and with a arrow to the soil, it got water.
Now we do the same thing with workshops and machines.
The conclusion we took was that the machinery had replaced magic.
And that's a lot of fun.
Every time I felt a little bit more technology.
I was terrified by this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate an attack if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't take it to my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow magic, not killing it.
As my grandfather, my grandfather gave me her pocket silver.
And this 50 year-old technological piece was for my most magical thing.
It became a golden door towards a world full of images, of hacking and narratives in my imagination.
I had the feeling that mobile phones, luxury clocks and cameras prevent us.
They stop our inspiration.
So I launched, I brought myself into this technological world to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing it.
I illustrate books since 16 years.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device that could connect to the readers of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where are we.
Bring the text with the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
The narrative becomes increasingly increasingly.
But what does that look like?
I'm about to launch Khan, an interactive application for iPad.
He says,``Put your fingers on every light . ''
And so he says,``This box belongs to ..."I write my name.
And so I get a character character.
In several times, I get a letter -- the iPad knows where I live with GPS -- that comes directly to me.
My inner girl is excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and dragons, but to that magic of childhood, to those ideas that we get from children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar always became exciting.
So here, we have to tilt the iPad to release fireflies.
And, really, lighting your path in what you're coming out of the book.
Another idea that I was fascinated with a girl was that a whole galaxy takes on a ball.
So here, every book and every world is transformed into a ball that I dragged into this magic device, inside the device.
And this opens a map.
In all fantasy books, there have always been maps, but they've been static maps.
This is a map that grows, work and guide you during the rest of the book.
At certain points of the book, it's also revealed.
I'm going to go into.
Another extremely important aspect for me is to create Indian content and contemporary.
These are the puppets.
We've all heard about the fairies and the channels, but how many people outside India know their Indian counterparts, they're betting them?
These poor pulses have been trapped in the cameras of India for millennia, in an old one and a book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child story.
In a story that deals today as the environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that kids have been locked up, pasted to their PCs, haven't come out to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can take our kids into the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go outside, take the camera or iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections: sticks, stones, guilty and shells.
For some reason, kids don't do it anymore.
So to reclaim this kind of ritual of childhood, you have to go out and, in a chapter, take a picture to a flower and then label it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
So you create a digital picture collection that you can then put on the Web.
A kid of London puts a picture of a fox and says,``Oh, I saw a fox . ''
A child in India says,``I saw a monkey today . ''
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital pictures that have been taken.
Within the variants of connection between magic, Earth and technology are many possibilities.
In the next book, we're going to have an interaction where you come out with the iPad and the video, and through augmented reality, you see a bunch of annoying owners that appear on the interior plants of the house.
In a moment the screen is full of leaves.
And you have to make the sound of the wind, and you can tell them to be able to read the rest of the book.
We go towards a world where the forces of nature are intertwined with technology and magic and technology is each other.
We take advantage of the sun.
We are approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic, joy and child love that we felt through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why a lot of essential projects fail.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at the Radio University was to take a principal director.
And not in a very scientific way, she took a little cup of coffee or you, and I asked patients, family and known, what happens? ''
How can we help?
And we tend to think, this is one of the biggest problems for what everybody, or maybe not all of them, but most of the evil projects fail, because we stop listening.
This is my Wi-Fi . It's very simple.
It's got a rock.
Every morning came up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to get to 95 kilograms.
But it's so simple, that every time I connect myself, I send my information to Google Health.
And my head doctor has access to him too . So, he can see what my weight problem is, not at the same time that it needs cardiovascular assistance or some urgency of that style, but to see it back.
But there's another thing.
As some of you know, I have over 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So every morning I connect to my Wi-Fi documentary, and before I go up to my car, people start talking to me: Louis, today I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the peers used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also so that patients stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people from their chairs and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
The next week will be available.
This little bit connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people can, from their houses, take their blood pressure, send it to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, they come back to restore control and to be captains of their own ship, but it can also help care of health care because of the challenges that we face, as the firing of the cost of medicine, the doubling of demand and other topics.
To perform techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And they can do it with techniques like this, but also through creativity.
And one of the things we did want to share with you with a video.
We all have navigation control in cars.
Maybe even we have them in our phones.
We know perfectly where the car boxes are in Mahatma.
So where all the gas gas is.
And of course, we can find quick food chains.
But where is the nearest CEO to help this patient?
We asked, but nobody knew.
Nobody knows where I get AIDS saving lives right now.
What we did was we made creativity in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the audience to say, if you see an DNA, please send it, tell where, and when it's open, because sometimes they open in office hours and others are closed.
And over 10,000 AIDS was already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the app for that.
And we did an application for the iPad.
We created an application to Lab, augmented reality, to find these DE.
And every time you're in the city of Massan and someone collapse, you can use your iPhone, and the next weeks use your Microsoft cell phone to find the nearest CEO, which can save lives.
And from today, I'd like to introduce this one, not only as DNA 4, which is the name of the product, but also as AIDS.
And we wanted to start globally.
We're advising all of the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find, work and act like a center for the DNA developer around the world.
Every time you're on vacation and somebody collapse, it can be a relative or someone in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us value these DNA.
It could be messaging services or phone people, for example, to see if the AIDS who shows is still in place.
Please help us, and not only improve health, but to take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph.
Or is it a photograph??
Because of course, they're photographs that can't take with their cameras.
My interest for photography was woke up with my first digital camera at the age of 15.
I was mixed with my passion before the drawing, but it was a little bit different because by using the camera, the process was in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera, the process ends up when you press the pulse.
For me, photography had more than to do with being in the right place, at the bottom time.
I thought anyone could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start by pressing the pulse.
Photos like this: a construction in a very transparent road.
But it has an unexpected twist.
And despite it, it keeps a level of realism.
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful at once, but with the common goal of keeping the reality level.
And when I say realistic, I say promise.
Because of course, it's not something I can capture, but I always want it to be captured in some way as a photograph.
Now, pictures where you will have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea that with capturing a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them seem real?
Is it details or colors?
Does light go?
What does the illusion create?
Sometimes illusion is perspective.
But at the end it is our way to interpret the world, and how you can perceive on a two-dimensional surface.
It's actually not about whether it's realistic, but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality.
I'll show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfectly imaginable objects, something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way can create something that still seems three-dimensional, as if it existed.
But at the same time, we know that it doesn't exist.
So we put into the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that it doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining photographs.
It really is to combine different realities.
And the things that make a picture look realistic, I think these are those where we don't even think about, the things that surround us in our everyday life.
But by combining photographs, it's very important to consider it, because otherwise something is wrong.
So I'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will keep to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, they can create something like this.
So the first rule is that photos combination must have the same perspective.
Second, the combined photos should have the same kind of light.
And these two images will fill these requirements; they were taken at the same height and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible to distinguish the beginning and end of different images with a perfect union.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is made.
This is another example.
I could think that this is a picture of a landscape, and the bottom is manipulated.
But this image is totally composed by photographs of different places.
In the staff, I think it's easier to create a place that will find it because you don't need to put the ideas in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter I knew I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the pieces of puzzle.
For example, the fish was captured in a fishing journey.
The costs are from a different location.
The undersea part was captured in a stone pump.
And yes, I even did red the house on the island of the island to look more mild.
So to make a realistic outcome, I think that makes planning.
It's always starting with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different photographs.
And here every piece is very well thought.
If you do a good job when you take pictures, it can be very beautiful, and at the very realistic time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start by showing a slide about technology, very boring.
Please do it.
It's a diagram anybody I took from a folder mine.
I'm not interested in showing you the details, but the general aspect.
It's an analysis that we were doing about the power of the CRISPR microprocessor versus the power of local area networks.
What's interesting about this is that this, like many others that we tend to see, is a kind of straight line in logarithmic scale.
In other words, each step here represents an order of magnitude on the performance scale.
To talk about technology with similar curves is something new.
There's something weird here.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please turn out the lights.
I needed more intensity because writing about paper.
Why do we grow technological curves in logarithmic scales?
The answer is that if you draw them in a normal curve where, let's say, these are the years, or some unit unit, and this would be any measure of the technology that I wanted to record, the diagram would look ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say much.
But if you plot, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a permanent curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something happens, it's a qualitative change.
If technology technology will advance as fast as the microprocessors, we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move on that pace.
There are no precedent in the history of the technology development story that every few years advanced orders of magnitude.
The question I want to play is -- looking at these exponential curves, we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes.
It's going to happen one of two things.
Or it will become a typical curve, I know like this until something completely different, or maybe do something like this.
That's all that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this will happen.
It will now be in the middle of a transition.
In this line, we are in a transition of what used to be the world, to a new form.
So what I'm trying to ask, and ask me, is that, what is that new way that you adopt the world?
How new state is the world run?
The transition seems very, very confusing if we're immersed in it.
I remember, the future happened in the year 2000, and people used to talk about what happened in the year 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future and we see that the future remains the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has shrunk, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel something is happening.
We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years, because everything will be so different that you're going to be doing what we're doing today has no sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how that transition might be that we experience.
But to do that, I'll have to talk a little bit about things that don't have much to do with technology and computing.
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and looking at the long-term things.
The time scale that I'd like to do that is the time of life on Earth.
I think this picture makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we got back about a half billion years when the Earth was a big sterile rock with many chemicals that were floating around.
If we look at the way that these chemicals are organized, we give us an idea of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start understanding the origin with RNA . I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and that is that, at that time, there was a few oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes inside.
Some of those oil drops contain a particular combination of chemicals that made them protective materials from the outside, and so the drops grew.
And they started dividing.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms; those oil droplet.
But those drops were not alive, in the current sense, because each of them contained a random chemical recipe.
And every time they were divided, they were an unequal distribution of the chemicals that they contain.
And so each of it was a little bit different.
In fact, the drops that somehow were differentiated by being better at the time to incorporate the chemicals, they grew more, they were more chemical and they divided more.
They usually lived longer, they were more represented.
It was a life form, chemical life, very simple, but things got interesting when these blobs learned the trick of abstraction.
In some ways we didn't understand these guys very well, they learned how to store information.
They learned to keep information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemical called DNA.
In other words, they worked in this meaningless evolution, a writing system that allowed them to register what they were to be able to replicate.
The incredible thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since a half billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, each living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code.
So here I have 100 white powder microorganisms that I try to hide people from the airport security.
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use on this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA snippet, and it was about 10 to 22 times.
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card, I have many for all the present people -- in fact, for every person in the world and it's here.
If it was a farmer I would have put it in a virus, and I would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy by another billion years.
But then another big step happened in which things became very different, and that was that these cells began to exchange and communicate information forming these cells of cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So, for example, it evolved resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid penicillin, and they took them up to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there are many residents to penicillin because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave rise to communities that would, in a way, were together in that; and they established a synergy.
So they survived or they failed together, which is that if a community was very successful, all the individuals in that community were getting more and raped by evolution.
And the point of inflection happened when these communities came up so much that, in fact, they got together and decided to write the entire community recipe together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And at that stage we have multicellular communities, communities of many different kinds of cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a multicellular community.
We have many cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell is not without the heart of the heart, or the muscles, or the brain, and so on.
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than the cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
They began to absorb information.
And to build very special structures that didn't do more than processing information in community.
They are neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they began to specialize within the community being the responsible structures of recording, understanding and transmitting information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that time as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism, not to the evolutionary period.
So an organism could, for example, learn not to eat some fruits because I knew wrong and sick the last time I ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these information processing structures that had been learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals who ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system building those information structures enormously accelerate the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen to an individual.
It could happen in the necessary time to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So, for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea, in your head.
I'm sitting here emitting a few graphs, and hopefully, building a similar idea, vague and confusing, in their heads that hold some analogy with mine.
But we took something very complicated, we turned it into sound, in sound sequences, and we produced something very complicated in another brain.
That allows us to start working as an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started to make abstractions.
Now we go through the similar periods to multicellular organisms; we abstract our record methods, presentation and information processing.
For example, the invention of language was a little step in that direction.
The telephone, the computer, the video tape, the CO2, etc.
And that brings us into something much bigger, faster and capable of evolution more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microseconds.
You saw the evolution of I in which it produced a certain evolution with the program, and the program, before our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the time scales again.
The first stages of the story I told you took a billion years each.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next ones, the language, and it took less than a million years.
And the next, like the electronics, seems to take a few decades.
The process is feedback; I suppose that artificial is the right word to name something that accelerates its own pace of change.
The more it changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we look at in this explosion of the curve.
We see the process feedback.
But I made my life designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms I job to design them wouldn't be possible without the recent computer advances.
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible to me to design them in a conventional way.
I don't know that every transistor in that connections machine.
There are billions.
Instead, with the designers of Tinewall males, we think about a level of abstraction, we put it in the machine and the machine is doing something that you couldn't do before, it gets much further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes it uses methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method, which I've been using lately, is evolution itself.
We put inside the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of microseconds.
And, for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random instruction sequence.
We said,``Please computer, can you run a hundred million sequences of random instructions?
Could you execute these sequences of random instructions, to execute all of those programs, and to take those who are more likely to apply to what we want to do? ''
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are more about to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions, order numbers, so none of them did it.
But one, luckily, could get two numbers in the right order.
And I said,``computer, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that you better did the task?"?
Let's take those and we eliminate the rest.
And now we reproduce the ones that are best ordered.
And we're going to reproduce them by following a process of analog reconstruction . ''
Let's take two programs, you'll take children, that exchange suburbs, and kids inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of programs from the combinations of programs that had a little more success.
And we said,``Please repeat the process . ''
It's hot again.
It introduced some mutations.
And it tries again and repeated with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or, in complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end, we end up with programs that order numbers in absolutely perfect ways.
In fact, they're much more efficient than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs, I can't tell you how it works.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
They're dark, weird programs.
But it's turning the comet.
In fact, I know, I have the safety that you get the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that they did.
In fact, their lives depend on doing it.
Once I went in a 747 with Marie Minsky, and it takes a card and says,``Look at this.
He says,``This plane has hundreds of thousands of pieces that work together to offer a safe flight ."Don't make you feel quiet? ''
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they get complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make good design processes.
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than the normal engineering.
However, we don't understand the whole choices there.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster and so you can run these programs much faster.
I mean, it's feedback.
The thing goes faster and faster, and so I think it seems so confusing.
Because all these technologies are feedback.
We're wasting.
And we are at an analog moment of single-celled organisms when they become multicellular.
We are the amoeba and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant to think that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of whatever comes.
But now comes the lunch, and I think I'll stop here before I get eliminated.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've looked at enough time to allow me to be part of my fake presence on that.
Before I treat the theme of my talk, let's talk a little baseball.
Why not?
We're close to the end, the World Series.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of surprising statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's to go out``Remotely Robotic"-- talks about statistics and using them to form a great baseball team.
I'm going to focus on one of them and I hope many of you know it.
It's called battery average.
And we talk about 300, of a bat that draws 300.
That means that the bat is effectively cheap, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball to the game camp without being trapped, and anyone who tries to launch it to the first base, doesn't get in time, and the second foundation will be saved.
Three tests of 10.
You know how you call a 300 battle in the Great League?
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
You know how you call a 400-pound baseball bat?
By the way, that's somebody who's 10 hits, it's four.
Lego -- as the legendary Ted Williams, the last player of the Major League League, to execute more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now let's take this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable, or maybe less uncomfortable, after what I'll tell you today.
Suppose you have applications, and you're devoted to a surgeon that has also a record of 400 in appropriate.
It doesn't work, right?
Now suppose you're living in a remote place, and a loved person has two obstacled coronary arteries, and your family doctor would lead it to a cardiologist whose record in angiogenesis is 200.
But do you know something?
So she's improving this year.
And their actions have been 256.
This is not working.
But I'm going to ask you.
What do you believe, who should be the average of a heart surgeon or a cortex, a nurse or a geological obsession?
1,000, very good.
And the truth of the issue is that nobody in all medicine knows the qualities of a good surgeon, a doctor or a paradigm.
What we do, though, is sending them into the world, and I include, with the mandate of being perfect.
That never, ever, made a mistake and think about figuring out how to do it well.
That was the message I absorbed when I was in medical school.
I was a computer obsessive student.
Once, a fellow in high school said that Brian Goldberg studied until for a blood exam.
So what.
I studied in my little design, in the nurse of the General General Hospital, not far from here.
And I learned all of the memory.
From my anatomy class, I memorized the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every artery that comes out of the cake, the digital difference, and not usual.
And I even knew the diagnosis of the difference about how they classify the kidney triple . .
And as much more and more knowledge.
And I was very good; I graduated with honor.
And I got out of the school of medicine with the impression that if I memorized everything, then I would know everything, or the most possible, close to everything, because I was immersed from mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met the Drum lady.
I was a resident in a university hospital here in Toronto when they brought the Dramoe lady to the emergency service where I worked.
At that time, I was assigned to the cardiology service.
And when I suggested I was a cardiologist, I played that patient.
And to inform the chief of residents.
When I saw the Drama lady, I was recording.
I heard a solved sound.
And when I snatched it, I heard a sound sound on both sides, which gave me a cognitive heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of pumping the blood forward, blood goes to the lungs, and these are filled with blood, and so there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose.
I did that, and I got to work on the treatment I would give.
I gave him aspirin and medicine to relieve pressure in his heart.
I gave him discreters, water pills, so he could eliminate liquid.
And in an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very well.
And that's when he took the first mistake; he sent her home.
It really made two more mistakes.
He sent her home without speaking to the chief of residents.
I didn't raise the phone, and I didn't do what I should have done, which was to call my boss and consult it with him.
And if my boss had seen it, it would have been able to bring up complementary information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident who required constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility, that I could take care of my patients without even contact my boss.
The second mistake that I committed was worse.
When I sent it to her house, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my interior who said,``Goldberg, it's not a good idea . Don't do it . ''
In fact, I was so insecure that I asked the nurse to take on the Drama lady,``Do you think it's okay if you go home? ''
And the nurse thought, and then he said,``Yeah, I think I'm good . ''
I remember that like yesterday.
So I signed up the high, and the ambulance together with the paradigms took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad presentation in the stomach.
But I followed my job.
At the end of the day, I packed to leave the hospital and walked towards the parking parking where my car was to go home . At that time I did something that I didn't normally do.
I went through the emergency service of the road home.
And there's another nurse, not the one who was taking care of the Drave lady before, but another one . He told me three words, those three words that most emergency doctors fear.
Others fear them as well, but there's a particle in emergency, and that is that we see patients.
The three words are: Do you remember you?
Do you remember the patient who sent his house?
I asked the other nurse with total natural.
\" Well, she came back ,"with the same voice tone.
She was okay.
But back and on the verge of death.
At the course of an hour of having reached home, after I gave her high school, he suffered a collapse and his family called 911, and they brought it to emergency with an adult pressure of 50 millimeters of Titan, which means a severe shock.
I barely breathed and was blue.
The emergency staff deployed all its resources.
They gave him medication to climb the blood pressure.
And they put an artificial breath.
I was shocked, and I was waving to the cord.
He had a mixture of feelings because after they stabilize it, he was in intensive therapy, and he hoped against all hope he would recover.
And in the two or three days, it was obvious that I would never wake up.
He had an irreversible brain damage.
The family came together.
And in eight or nine days, they were resistant to what was happening.
And the ninth day, he left him going . Mrs. Druggle, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names of those who die.
That was my first experience.
The following weeks, I got stuck for it and experiment for the first time the evil shame that exists in our medical culture, and I felt only, isolated, without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the peace and never more makes that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The evil embarrassment that I'm talking about is what makes us feel very bad inside.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong, but we are bad.
And that felt.
And it wasn't by my boss; he was an charm.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure I spread things up and made sure that I wouldn't demand.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss? Why did he send her home?
And in my worst moments, why did I make such silly error?
Why do I choose medicine?
Little that feeling was shooting.
And I started feeling better.
And in a cloudy day, the sky opened, and finally came out the sun, and I was wondering if I felt better again.
And I made a deal with myself in which if I read the efforts to be perfect to make more mistakes, I would make those voices.
And it was.
I went back to work.
But it happened.
Two years later, I was help in the emergency department in a community hospital north of Toronto, and I received a 25 year-old man with a pain in the throat.
I was very busy.
And he pointed out here.
I looked at her throat, I was a little colorful.
He wrote him penicillin and sent him home.
But as he directed the door, he kept pointing out his throat.
Two days later, when I came to make my guard change, my boss asked me to talk to me in his office.
And it provides the three words: Do you remember you?
Remember the patient that he saw for a pain in the throat?
So he came back and I didn't have a structure.
It had a potentially fatal affect called epilepsys.
You can look at Google . It's an infection, not of the throat, but from the upper air, and it can cause the close of those pathways.
He, fortunately, didn't fail.
He's been fed antibiotics by his tracks and he recovered for a few days.
And I went through the same period of shame and reptiles, then I moved and went back to work, until again and again and again.
Twice in the same emergency shift, no learning disappointment.
And it's a great effort, especially to work in a hospital, because it goes to 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home and I don't think it's been a carelessness.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation.
They order a kidneys of kidneys, but it turned out, a colleague that was checking the patient, he had a certain sensitivity in the lower right quadrant and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
I read liquid, and I asked my colleague to check it.
I checked it and when I noticed some sensitivity in the lower right quadrant, called the surgeon.
They were both operated and recovered.
But every case I was tormented, I was broken.
But I would like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a box.
The most significant ones have been for the last five years.
Just, embarrassed and supportive.
And here's the problem: if I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the video that tells me what really happens, how could I share this with my colleagues?
How do you teach them that they don't make the same mistakes?
If I would go into a place like this, I wouldn't have any idea what you think of me.
When was the last time you heard someone talking about failure, after failure, after failure??
Of course, in a party, I'll hear about other doctors's mistakes, but not listening to somebody talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues also, that a transition in my hospital amputated the wrong leg, believe me I would have difficulty in looking at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system where there are two positions: those who make mistakes and the ones that can't sleep and the ones I know -- those who have positions and those who have great results.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, as antibodies that begin to attack that person.
We have the idea that if we go from medicine to the people who make mistakes, we will be a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years about diffusion and medical journalism, I've done a personal study of bad medical suits and medical errors to learn how possible, from the first article I wrote for the Star Tower to my program:``White County, Black Art"--``White All, Black art . ''
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous.
We work in a system where mistakes are happening every day, where one in 10 drugs prescribed in hospital are wrong, or the default is not right . In a system where institutional infections are increasingly increasingly, and more numerous, causing chaos and death.
In this country , 25,000 Canadian citizens die for preventable medical errors.
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000.
In both cases, it's about boredom subs, because we're not getting the problem as we should.
And so there are things.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiplied every two or three years, and we don't get updated.
The deprivation of sleep invaded everything.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow us to make a perfect history of a patient with pain in the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain on the chest, and it comes scale with crazy eyes and with alcohol to alcohol, and suddenly my story has gone of contempt.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot; I don't do things always.
And my patients are not cars . They don't relax their symptoms.
For all this, mistakes are inevitable.
So if we took the system as taught us, and we eliminated all the professionals to the error, good, no one left.
And about the fact that people don't want to talk about their biggest cases?
In my program,``white delight, black art ,"it's a custom to say,``This is my worst mistake ."I would tell everybody, from the paradigms to the head of heart surgery,``This is my worst mistake ,"blah, blah, blah --``What are your mistakes?"and I would steer the microphone to
And their students would stop, they would go back, they'd go down their head and they would swallow saliva and start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
You want to be able to say,``Look, don't make the same mistake . ''
They need a context where they can do it.
They need a redistributing medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The redefine doctor is human, you know human, it accepts it, and it doesn't get proud of its mistakes, but it's effort to learn from what's happened to teach others.
It shares their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It points out the mistakes of other people not with trying to catch them, but in a love, loving way for everyone to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings lead the system, and when this happens, they make mistakes of time.
My name is Brian Gould.
I'm a redistributed doctor.
I'm a human.
I'm so sorry, but I'm effort to learn something that can transmit others.
I don't know what you think of me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words: I remember it.
You know how many decisions we take one day?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
Recently I made a survey to more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that he said to choose a medium American, are about 70 dollars a day.
Not very much, in a research followed for a week to a group of business presidents.
Researchers recorded the different tasks of these CEOs, and the time they used to make decisions related to those tasks.
They found that, on average, they took 130 jobs a week.
Naturally, every job included a lot of missions.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more than their time.
Now think about your choices.
Do you know how many they belong to nine minutes, and how many of the one hour?
How does the way those decisions are driving?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of today: choose to choose the options.
I want to talk about the problem and a few solutions.
As I talk about this, I'm going to ask you a few questions and I need to know their answers.
When I ask a question, as I'm blind, raise your hand just if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when you ask a question, if your answer is positive please give you a palm.
And now my first question of the day: Are you ready to hear about the problem of options?
Thank you.
Being a graduate student at Stanford University, I was recording this very, very high supermarket -- at least at that time, it was very sophisticated.
It's called Drake's.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were like 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar, over 500 different types of fruits and vegetables, and about 25 of bottled water, and this was when we took water from the faucet.
I loved going to that store, but in an occasion I asked myself, why never bought anything?
This is the source of olive oil.
They had over 75 different classes, including those who were in sealed box that came from molecular trees.
I once decided to visit the manager, and I asked him,``Does this strategy do this strategy of offering all these options? ''
He pointed to me the bus full of tourists that came every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to do a little experiment with the twins.
Passage.
They had 38,000 different classes.
We installed a position to figure out, right to the input of the store.
We put there out of six flavors, or in 24 different flavors, and we looked at two things: First, what about people were willing to stop the memo?
More people stopped when there was 24 , 60 percent, than when there were only six , 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a merchant cart.
Here we find the opposite effect.
Of those who stopped when there was 24, only three percent came to buy me.
Of the ones that were standing when there were six, we saw that 30 percent bought me.
If we do the calculations, people had six times more likely to buy me if they found six, than if they found 24.
Well, deciding that we don't buy a jellyfish, probably it's good to conserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of choice overload affects us in traditional decisions.
We decided not to decide, even though it didn't make us.
Now the theme of the day: financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with Guanga Hover, Emmanuel Kamen and Wei Jane, where we looked at the decisions about saving savings for about a million Americans, from about 650 plans in this country.
We were interested to see if the number of funding supply available on retirement plans for retirement, the software program, demonstrated people to save for the future.
And we found that actually there was a correlation.
We had 65 plans that went from two to 59 different options.
We found that the bigger the number of forgiveness, there was less participation.
So if you look at the extremes, we see that in the plans that offer two funds, the participation rate was 70 percent or more, not as high as it would be like.
And in the plans that offer about 60 funds, the participation rate went into the '60s.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more options, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those of you who decided to participate, the greater the number of choices, the more people were used to avoid actions or investment funds.
At the time there were more options, they were more willing to invest in financial accounts of market.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would recommend to optimize the future financial well-being.
In the previous decade, we've seen three main negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that they put the decision, that they're just putting it even when it goes against self-interest.
They're more likely to make the worst decisions, in finance and health.
They're more likely to choose less satisfying things, even though they're objectively better.
The main reason is that we're driving with looking at that gigantic variety of magnitude, mustard, vinegar and mergettable, but we are not able to do the calculations to compare, contrast and choose that amazing exhibition.
I want to propose to you today for four simple techniques that we've tried, in one way or another, in different research, so that they can test in their business.
The first one is, cut.
You've already heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, which is less.
People always bother when I say,``Cut . ''
They care about losing space in the shelves.
But actually what we're seeing increasingly is that if you decide to cut, get rid of strange redundant options, there will be an increase in sales, you'll get costs, there will be a better experience in choice.
When Protocol & Gamble went from 26 different types of Head & Shakespeare to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the corporation Goldman Cat eliminated the products for cats of cats that are less sold, the qualities were increased by 87 percent, by two causes: greater sales and less cost.
It's known that the supermarkets today, in average offer 45,000 products.
In a store in Walmart, it's about 100,000 products.
But the ninth largest store in the world today is Andy and offers only 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato sauce.
In the world of financial savings, I think one of the best examples that have come out of how to handle options better is David Ladie's plan, the Harvard program.
All of Harvard employees are automatically incorporated to a life insurance fund.
You really want to choose, you offer 20 funds, not 300 or more.
You know, people often say,``I don't know how to cut.
They're all important options . ''
The first thing I do is ask the employees,``Tell me the differences that are among those options.
And if your employees cannot difference, they can't do their clients . ''
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was chatting with Gary.
He told me that he would be willing to offer people in this audience a few vacation to the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give you an applause if you're ready to take the office of Gary.
Okay . Anybody who's ready to accept the supply.
No more?
Well, I'll show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who's ready for that journey?
I think I actually reach more hands.
All right.
Actually, you had more information in the first round, than in the second, but I can say, they thought the second time was more real.
Because images made it more real.
This brings me to the second technique to manage the problem of options, which is Congress.
For people to understand the differences between options, they have to understand the consequences of each choice, and that the consequences have to feel very vivid, very concrete.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average when they use debit cards or credit, than when they use cash?
Because it doesn't look real money.
It turns out to be more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
So we did a study with Summan Benjamin and Alexander Previce, about people of NGO officials that worked at NIH . these people were in a meeting where they were being shot to a 401 plan.
At that meeting, that we looked at exactly how we used, we did a little addiction.
What we added was that we gave the staff to think about the positive things that will happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this minute, there was an increase in the claims of 20 percent and an increase in how much they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings accounts, four percent.
The third technique is classify.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study we did in a magazine hallway.
We saw that in the WorldWide supermarkets, along the northeast corridor, the magazine exhibition can contain from 33 different types to 646.
But, you know?
Because classification indicates me how to tell them.
These are two jewelry exhibitions.
One is called``jazz"and the other,``Swinneli . ''
If you think the one on the left is Singapore, and the one on the right is jazz, give a palm.
Well, there are some.
If you think the one on the left is jazz and the one on the right is Swinz, you give a palm.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is jazz and the on the right is Singapore . But you know something?
This rating scheme is totally useless.
categories have to indicate something that they choose, not that they define them.
You often look at this problem with those huge background lists.
But supposedly who are they informing?
My fourth category: Connecticut complexity.
It turns out that we can handle much more information than what we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We have to increase complexity gradually.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's look at a complicated decision; the purchase of a car.
This is a German car manufacturer that allows us to personalize it completely.
You have to make 60 decisions, to assemble the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of options that offer each.
Colors, outside color of the car . I have 56 possibilities.
engine, change box; four options.
What I'm going to do is vary the order in which decisions appear.
So half of the clients are going to go from many options , 56 colors, a few, four boxes.
The other half of the clients are going to go from a few options, four boxes, to 56 colors, many options.
And what will I look at?
How involved you are.
If you're always acting the button in every decision, this indicates that you're overwhelmed, you're losing them.
We find that those who go from many choices at a few, they're opening the button for the department over and over and over.
We lose them.
If you go from a few options to many, it's there.
Same information, same number of choices.
The only thing I did was to alter the order in which information is presented.
If we start with the easy, you learn to choose.
Although we choose the box of change, it doesn't say anything about the preferences of inner decoration, but anyway, it prepared us to choose.
We're excited about a product that we're building that now has more hooked with the process.
To summarize.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the choice of options: cutting, eliminating strange alternatives, concrete, making it real; classify, we can handle more categories with less options; connect complexity.
All these techniques that I've presented to you were designed to help manage the alternatives, or better, for you, to use them in their issues, or for people who serve.
It's that I think the key to get the best of a choice is being careful by choosing.
And the more careful we are in our choices, we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the '80s, in the Eastern Germany community, if you had a typewriter to write it to the government.
You had to register a piece of an example written with the machine.
And this so that the government could track the origin of text.
If you found a writer with the wrong message, you could track the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we didn't think that someone could do this, how much it would limit the freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color printer from any big manufacturer, and you print a page, that page will end up having some yellow dots on every page that you have a pattern that makes them themselves and your printer.
That's happening to us today.
And nobody seems to self-assemble a lot for this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, citizens.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems in the network.
If you look at what happens in the online world, we can draw the attacks according to their attacker.
There are three main groups.
There are criminals.
Like Mr. Dimitri Golding in the city of Kiev, in Ukraine.
The cell phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cybercriminals to earn a lot of money, the numbers.
There are really many cases of millions online online, multi-to-attendant, who won money with their attacks.
This is Verman Tasmania, from Tata, Estonia.
This is Alfred Gong.
This is Stephen Watt.
This is Britain Swiss.
These are Matthew Anderson, Tahrir Alexandria etc., etc., etc . .
These guys do their online fortune, but they do it by illegal media through banking trojans to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy a computer infected.
The U.S. secret service, two months ago, froze the Swiss account of this gentleman, Sam Jain, and this account was 14 million dollars when it was frozen.
Mr. Jain walked out, he was known by his wife.
And I say that today's more likely that any of us is a victim of a crime than a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this is going wrong at worst.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacker in importance that we see today is not motivated by the money.
There's another thing that moves them, they motivate them, they motivate them, they motivate laughter.
Groups like Anonymous have developed over the last 12 months, occupying a role in the online attacks.
Those are the three main attributes: the criminals who do it for money, the manufacturing as Anonymous who do it to protest and the last group are the national states the governments that attack.
And then we see cases like this.
That's a good example of government attack against its own citizens.
Diagnosis is a certified authority of the Netherlands, or actually it was.
Deception the last fall because of a saint.
They came up with the security of the site, and they had a cyberattacks.
And last week I asked, in a meeting with the representatives of the Dutch government, I asked one of the leaders if they were planning the death of people because of the death attack to Denmark.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die by an attack of these?
Diamond is a certified authority.
They sell certificate.
What do the certificates serve?
Well, you need if you have a website with attacks, self-developed services, services like Gmail.
Except to intercept a foreign certified authority.
They were emitting practices.
And in the case of Denmark, it happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt?
Well, in Egypt the protesters took the headquarters from the Egyptian secret police in April 2011, and during the building of the building, they found a lot of papers.
Among those papers was this folder called``FBI . ''
And within that folder, there were notes from a company in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government to intercept the communications of the country citizens in the country.
They had sold this tool for 250,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The headquarters are right here.
So the Western governments provide tools to the totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But the Western governments also do this to themselves.
For example, in Germany just a couple weeks ago, the Indus throne was found -- a train used by the German government officials to research their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is embedded.
But today it goes beyond.
The Internet connection is interpreted.
They will use even tools like the Indus trojans to infect our computer with a trunk to allow us to see all the communication, and listen to the discussions online, to get our data.
When we think about things like this obvious answer should be``Well, it seems bad, but it doesn't really affect me because I'm a honest citizen.
Why worry?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in play.
privacy is not arguing.
It's not a question of privacy against security.
It's about freedom against control.
Although we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right that we take today, will forever be.
Are we blindly trusted in any future government, in an administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions we have to worry about in the next 50 years.
This is where I live . I live in Kenya, in the southern part of Nairobi National Park.
These are the cows of my dad, to the bottom, and behind cows, the National Park of Nairobi.
The Nairobi National Park doesn't have close to the south part of the South, which means that wild animals like cells migrate freely out of the park.
And predators, like lions, follow them, and this is what they do.
We kill our livestock.
This is one that they killed at night, and so soon we got up in the morning, and we found it dead in the morning, because it was the only bull we had.
My community, the masses, we think we come from heaven with our animals and all the land to shoot them, and that's why we value them so much.
So I grew up hate the lions a lot.
They are dead warriors that protect our community and livestock, and they are also upset with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think that's why there are so few in Nairobi National Park.
A child in my community, from six at nine years, is responsible for their father's cattle, and this was the same thing as me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions gave them fear.
But I realized that actually this didn't serve, because it would even help lions to see the stable.
I didn't go back . I kept.
A second idea was to use a space.
I tried to deceive the lions to believe it was near the dung.
But lions are very smart . They came the first day and saw the spaceship, and they were, but the second day, they came back and said, this thing doesn't move, it's always here . So they went out and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the stadium with an torch, and the lions didn't come.
I found that lions are afraid of the light that moves.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch with which I would lose and turn out the lights.
And this is a little lamp of a broken flashlight.
I got everything.
As you can see, the solar panel charges the battery and the battery supply the electricity to the small independent box . I call it a transformation.
And the independent box makes lights flash.
As you can see, light bulbs go out, because that's where lions come from.
And this is how you see the lions when you come at night.
The lights disappear and deceive lions to think that I'm walking through the stadium, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never had trouble with lions.
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea.
One of them is this grandmother.
She had killed many animals and asked me if I could put the lights.
I said yes.
I got them . You can see the background, these are the lions for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used by all of Kenya, to scare other predators as hyenas, leopard, and also is used to spread elephants from the farms.
Because of this invention, I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Brooklyn International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school now is helping to raise funds and awareness.
I even took my friends to my community and we installed lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So a year ago, I was just a kid in the meadow of the savanna spending the cows of my father, and I used to see airplanes flying, and he told me that someday it would be within one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come in plane for the first time to TED.
My big dream is to become an engineer of aviation and pilot when it grows.
I used to hate lions, but now as my invention is saving my dad's cows and the lions, we can be with the lions without any conflict.
Asia . What in my language means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like yours.
So you got a scholarship . Richard Turk: Yes.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What is the next one on your list?
XL: My next invention is -- I want to make an electric fence . CA: An electric fence?
XL: I know you've already invented electric fences, but I want to do mine.
CA: I'm trying it once, right, and you -- XL: I've tried it before, but I've got a wire, but I got a wire . CA: At the foot of the cannon . Richard Turk, you're a big thing.
We're going to encourage every step that you are, friend of mine.
Thank you very much . XL: Thank you very much.
When I was little, I thought my country was the best on the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called``Don't envy anything . ''
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spend all the time studying Kim ICA's story, but we never learned much about the rest of the world, except America, South Korea, Japan are enemies.
Although I sometimes wondered about the rest of the world, I thought I'd spend my whole life in North Korea, until everything changed suddenly.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family was not poor, and I was never hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter from my sister's colleague.
He said,``When you read this, the five family members will stop there in this world, because we haven't eaten in the last two weeks.
We're recorded together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak, we're prepared to die . ''
I was very upset.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At a little time, when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible that I can't delete my memory.
A woman without life was dead on the street, holding a child climbing in his arms looking at his mother's face without being able to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about caring themselves and their families.
A huge famine used to North Korea in the mid-'70s.
At the end, over a million North Koreans died during the famine, and only few survived eating grass, insects and tree cortex.
They were also made more and more frequent to energy cuts, all of my around me was completely dark at night except for sea lights in China, barely crossing the river from my house.
I always wondered why they had light and we didn't.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to the neighboring countries.
This is the Amazon River, which serves the limit between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very anti-autonomous at certain points, allowing Koreans to secretly cross.
But many die.
Sometimes, I saw bodies floating in the river.
I can't reveal the details of how I came from North Korea, but I can only say that during the years of famine I was sent to China to live with distant relatives.
But I just thought I'd be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined that it would take 14 years to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family without my family.
I had no idea what life would be as a North refugee.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because North refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants.
I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be repeated to a horrible destination back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare became true, when I was arrested by the Chinese police and introduced me in the police station.
Someone had charged me for being Norway, then they looked at my skills in Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to exploit.
If it didn't seem natural, it could be incarcerated and sport.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answer questions.
At the end of the interrogation, an official told another one,``This was a fake report . She's not Norway . ''
And they left me . It was a miracle.
Some Koreans in China look for asylum in foreign embassies.
But many can be arrested by Chinese police and sports.
These women were very lucky.
Although they had captured them, they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure.
These Koreans didn't get so lucky.
Every year, income Koreans are captured in China and sports to North Korea, where they're tortured, jailed or executed in public.
Although I was lucky to escape, many other Koreans haven't been so lucky.
It's tragic that Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard just to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all of its world can be used in an instant.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I decided to risk coming to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
Stored in South Korea was a much greater challenge than I expected.
English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a great gap between North and South.
We are all Korean, but inside, we have become very different because of 67 years of division.
They even go through an identity crisis.
Am I a Surap or a Norden?
Where am I? who am I? who am I??
Suddenly, there was no country I could call with my pride.
Although I'd adapt to life in South Korea, it wasn't easy, I made a plan . I started studying the income exam to university.
Just when I started adapting to my new life, I got an alarming call.
The North Korea authorities introduced some money that sent my family, and as a punishment, my family was going to be displaced to the force to a limited location on the outskirts.
They had to flee immediately.
I began to plan how to help them escape.
The Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So, ironically, I took a flight to China, and I walked into the border with North Korea.
Because my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to guide them, somehow, for more than 3,000 miles across China, and then through Southeast Asia.
The bus journey took a week, and we were almost trapped several times.
Once, our bus was stopped and overwhelmed by a Chinese police official.
He asked everybody's identification and started asking questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese official came up to my family, I was improvisated by my family, and I told him that they were female people who were getting involved.
I looked at me seriously, but luckily I believed.
We did all the way up to the Ladel border.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Lagos.
But even after going through the border, my family was arrested and imprisoned to cross the border illegally.
After paying both and bribes, my family was released in a month.
But the time, my family was arrested and incarcerated again in the Laden capital.
This was one of the lowest points in my life.
I did everything to liberate my family, and we were so close, but my family was held in prison at the distance of the South Korea Embassy.
I went and came between the immigration office and police station, desperately trying to liberate my family.
But it didn't have enough money to pay more bribes or a lot.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man asking me,``What's the problem? ''
I was so surprised that a stranger would care.
With my poor English and with a dictionary, I explained the situation, and without doubt, the man went to the ATM, and I gave me the rest of the money for my family and two other Koreans and taking them out of prison.
I thank my whole heart, and I asked him,``Why do you help me? ''
\" I'm not helping you ,"he said.
\" I'm helping the Norwegian people . ''
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The nice unknown symbolizes a new hope for me and for the Norwegian village when we needed it.
And I showed that the kindness of the unknown and support of the international community are really the hope rays that the Norwegian village needs.
Eventually, after our long journey, my family and I met South Korea.
But achieving their freedom is only half of the battle.
A lot of North Koreans are separated from their families, and when they go to a new country, they start with a little bit or a money.
So, we can benefit from the international community with education, practice of English language, work practices, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people in North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us continue in contact with family still, and we send information and money that's helping to change North Korea from the inside.
I've been very lucky, I've received a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more Koreans triumph around the world, including on the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in Central Center.
This is Central Center: local shops, fast food, badlands.
So the city planners came together and thought, we're going to change the name of South Africa to represent something else, so they changed it to Los Angeles, as if this will fix what's actually wrong in the city.
This is Los Angeles . Local shops, fast food, badlands.
Just like 26 million other Americans, living in a food desert, Los Angeles Center South, home of food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that the food places to carry more people than food in the car.
People are dying from curable diseases in Los Center Center.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times older than, say, Beverly Hillis, which is about 15 miles away.
I'm tired to see that this happens.
And I wonder, how would you feel if they didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you come out of the house, you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in your neighborhood?
I see chairs of compressed wheels and sold as cars.
I see candidates centers like Starbucks.
And I think this must stop.
I consider the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
You're also tired of driving 45 minutes of anger and back to buy an apple that doesn't have pesticides.
What I did, I was planning a forest of food in front of my house.
In a patch of land we call a gardening.
It's about 45 feet, three feet.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said,``Well, I can do what I'm going on, because it's my responsibility, and I have to keep it . ''
That's how I decided to keep it.
So my group and me, L.A. Green Grey, we got together and we started planting our food forest, fruit trees, you know, the nine full vegetables.
What we do, we're kind of a group paid in advance of all procedures, all of the city and completely voluntary, and everything we do is free.
And the garden, I was beautiful.
Then somebody complained.
The city came up with me, and in summary, they gave me a quote saying that I had to retreat my garden, the date was made by court order.
And I said,``Are we going, right?
A court order to plant food in a piece of land that no one matters?"So I was like,``Well, let's take it . ''
Because this time wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had a story written by Steve Lovel, and I talked to the concrete and one of Green Gould members, who put a petition in Changrade, with 900 signatures, we were successful.
We had the victory in our hands.
My focus even called to say that they were back and they loved what we were doing.
I mean, let's go, why not?
L.A. is the U.S. city with more buckets.
It's 68 miles of balloon land.
That's 20 Central Park.
That's enough space to plant 125 million pounds of tomato plants.
Why don't you think about this?
Growing a plant will give a thousand , 10,000 seeds.
When a dollar dollar will give you 75 dollars of output.
It's my anthem, when I tell people, grow your own food.
Growing your own food is like printing your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for South Central.
I grew up there . I raised my kids there.
I refused to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufactured to me for others, and I'm going to manufacture my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The gardening is my graffiti, I grow my art.
Just like a graffiti artist, which started walls, I migrated soils, gardens.
I use the garden, the land, as a piece of canvas, and plants and trees, are my excitement of that canvas.
You'll be surprised to see what land can do, if you let it be your canvas.
They simply can't imagine how amazing a sunflower is, and how it affects people.
What happened?
I'm witness of how my garden became a tool of education, of the transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We are the land.
They'll be surprised to see how they affect kids.
The gardening is the most therapeutic and provocative act that they can do, especially in an urban.
Also, they get strawberries.
I remember an occasion, who came up with a mother and her daughter, was like the 111 of the night and they were in my garden, salt, and they looked very upset.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is in the street for a reason.
I felt shame when I saw people who was so close to me with hunger, and this only reinforces why I do this, people ask me,``End, don't you afraid people will steal your food? ''
I say,``Oh God, I have no fear that you're going to steal it . ''
That's what's in the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but in turn, I want you to take your health . ''
There was another chance that I put a garden in a refugee shelter in downtown Los Angeles.
They were these guys who helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous, they shared their stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with their mom and her grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed, like that just for a moment.
So Green Gogh has come to plant maybe 20 gardens.
We've had, as about 50 people who come, work and participate, all in voluntary plan.
If kids grow color, kids eat color.
If you grow tomatoes, you eat tomatoes . But if none of this is taught, if you don't teach them how food affects your mind and body, you eat blind what you put in front.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that they're trapped in . I see color kids who are in this path designed for them, which doesn't take them anywhere.
With the gardening, I see an opportunity in which we can train these kids who are taking care of their communities to have sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Washington Center is produced.
But if we don't change the land composition, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plans, this is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens, where people can share food in the same block.
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy cafes.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability is that you have to replace it.
What I'm talking about is putting people to work, taking kids out of the street, who know the joy, pride and honor of growing their own food, opening farmers.
What I want to do here, we have to make it sexy.
I want you all to become ecological, manual, manual gardens.
We have to change the script of what a gene is.
If you're not a gardener, you're not a geek.
That the protesters take their stick right?
That's their election weapon.
In sum, if you want to meet me, well, if you want to see me, you don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some shit -- to talk about making some shit.
If you want to see me, you come to the garden with your stick so that we can plan something.
Peace . Thank you.
Thank you.
( sledgehammer sounds) (Clicks pieces) probably everybody will agree with me that this is a very nice road.
It's made out of asphalt, and the asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, where it rains a lot.
You can have a huge amount of water in the asphalt that you have.
And especially if you go mountains in your bicycle and these cars pass, that's not really nice.
Also, asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we want a quiet road.
The solution for that is to make porous asphalt roads.
The porous asphalt, a material that we use now in most of the roads of the Netherlands, has pores and water can pass through it, so the entire rainwater is flowing up to the sides and they will have a road that's easy to drive, and they won't go water.
Noise also disappears in these pores.
Because it's very hollow, all noise disappears, so it's a very quiet road.
It also has disadvantages, of course, and the disadvantages of this road is that you can undo.
What's getting rid? You see that in this road the surface stones come out.
First one stone, then several more and more and more, etc., and then -- well, not to do that . But you can give you your windshield, and you're not happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more damage.
Sometimes they can create potholes with that.
Ah . It's ready.
Bach, of course, you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
Here you can actually see how the damage comes in this material.
It's a porous asphalt, as I said, so it only has a little amount of adaptation between the stones.
Because of the intelligence, to the U.V . to the oxidation, the adaptation, this beast, the glue between the edges, will get rid of it, and if you take it, you're going to be missing, and you're going to get away from the aggregate.
So, if you drive through the road, you'll take the aggregate -- as we saw here.
To solve this problem, we think of authoritarianism materials.
If we can make this material flow, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool, from that to clean satellites, and we can cut the steel of steel in very small chunks, and we can mix those little bits with the kiss.
So we have a lot of specialist with small pieces of steel in it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- an induction machine.
The induction can heat, especially steel, is very good at that.
So what you have to do is heat the steel, melt the beast, the bird flow by these micro-machines and the stones will look back to the surface.
Today I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the great induction machine here on the stage.
The microwave oven is a similar system.
I put the show, which now I'm going to take out to see what happened.
This is the show that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there and then the government, they really saw our results, and they thought,``Well, that's really interesting . We have to try it . ''
So they gave us a piece of road , 400 meters from the Alban Highway, where we had to make a test lane to test this material.
So that's what we did there . You see where we were doing the road test, and then, of course, this road lasts several years without any damage . That's what we know about practice.
We take a lot of samples of this road and test them in the lab.
We did aging the samples, we put a lot of charge on them, we'd repair them then with our induction machine and we repair them and we went back to them.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we've made a material using steel fibers, incorporating these fibers, using the power energy to actually increase the life of the road surface, they can even double the life of the surface, and they can actually save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity of whether this also works.
We still have the sample here . It's pretty hot.
Actually, you have to face first before you can show you how the repair acts.
But I'm going to do an attempt.
Let's see . Yes, it works.
Thank you.
When I was 11, I remember having woken up a morning with the sound sound in my house.
My father was listening BBC News in his little gray radio.
He had a great smile in his face that was unusual at those times, because the news generally depressed it.
\" The Taliban were!"he screamed my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
\" Now you can go to a real school ,"he said.
One morning I'll never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban took on Afghanistan and made illegal that girls went to school.
For the next five years, I was dressed as a child to escort my older sister, who could no longer be alone outside, to go to a secret school.
It was the only way that the two could be educated.
Every day, we took a different route so that nobody could suspect where we were.
We had to hide the books in the market to look like we were shopping.
School was in a house, more than 100 of us in a small room.
It was nice in winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew we were running our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every day, school was suddenly closed for a week, because the Taliban suspected.
We always wondered what they knew of us.
Were they following us?
Did you know where we lived?
We were attacked, but yet, school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a treasure.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total report of a remote province of Afghanistan . He insisted that his daughter, my mother, outside school, and he was so his father reported.
But my mother educated became teacher.
This is her.
It will retire two years ago, just to turn our house into school for girls and women from our neighborhood.
And my father, this is the first of his family in receiving education.
There was no doubt that his children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite Taliban, despite risks.
For him, there was a greater risk in not education his children.
For the years of the Taliban, I remember there were moments that I was very frustrated by our life, and I was always scared and didn't see a future.
I wanted to quit, but my father said,``Oh, my daughter, you can lose everything you have in life.
They can steal your money . They can force your house for a war.
But there is one thing that will always be with you, which is here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we'll do it.
So do you even want not to continue? ''
I'm 22 years old today.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of the women in my age have more than the shadow, and if my family hadn't been so engaged with my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself here proud to graduate in Michael College.
When I came back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, who was excluded from her home for the courage of educating her daughters, was one of the first ones to congratulate.
He doesn't just get rid of my college title, but also that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, I carry it by the streets of Kabul.
My family believes in me.
I dream in big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 1.11, a global campaign to educate women.
This is why Solving CO2, the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risky for girls to go to school.
The exciting thing is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to leverage the opportunity.
And I look at their parents and their families that, like mine, advocate for them, despite and still face a daunting opposition.
Like Ahmed . It's not his true name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter went from Sula to his village, and literally, they were unable to be killed by a bomb on the road, for minutes.
When you get to your house, you're the phone, a voice saved that if you kept sending your daughter to school, you would try it back.
\" Tell me already, if you want ,"he said,``But I won't harm the future of my daughter for your old and short ideas . ''
What I've realized about Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of us who we succeeded, there's a father who recognized the value of his daughter and he sees the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key in our success.
In fact, they are often the first compelling performers in the brilliant future of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban, the girls who went to school are told in hundreds -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, more than three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes.
I fear that these changes don't last long, after the retreat of the U.S. troops.
But when I come back to Afghanistan, when I look at the students in my school and their parents who advocate for them, that they encourage them, I see a future future and a lasting change.
To me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and possible possibilities, and every single day, the Sun girls remind me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
Never, I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in exile,``Son, resistant to Gaddafi . Against him.
But you never become a Gaddafi style . ''
They've spent almost two years since the release revolution inspired by the Olympics of mass movements both of the Tunisian Revolution as the Egyptian.
A forces with many other books, in and out of the country to call a day of flash and start a revolution against the tourist regime of Gaddafi.
And we did it; it was a great revolution.
Women and young men were in the forefront, demanding the fall of the regime, carrying freedom patches, dignity and social justice.
They've shown a value that's in the face of Gapminder dictatorship.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the East East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war and some losses of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and defeat tyranny.
But Gaddafi left a heavy load, a shore of tyranny, corruption and alternative seeds.
For four decades, the tourist regime of Gaddafi destroyed infrastructure, culture and moral structure of liberal society.
aware of the devastation and the challenges, I've wanted, next to many other women, rebuild civil civil society, demanding an inclusive transition and right towards democracy and national reconciliation.
They were about 200 organizations in Beijing during, and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi, approximately 300 in translate.
After a period of 33 years of exile, I went back to Libya, and with a unique enthusiasm, I began to organize workshops about development and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women, we founded the Women's platform for Peace, a movement of women, leaders, very diverse orientation, to advocate by the political autonomy of women and by our right of equal participation in building democracy and peace.
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the pre-industrial period -- an environment that was increasingly polarized, which is moved from the selfish and exclusive policy policies.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won a 17 percent of National Congress in the first 52 years.
However, gradually, the exhilaration of elections and revolution as a whole, they were disappearing; every day we found news of violence.
One day we wake up with the news of the ancient mosques and the Sufi graves.
Another day, I had the news of the murder of the American ambassador and the consumer attack.
So another day we wake up with the news of the optimistic of the military.
And every day, we wake up with the government of the military and their continued rape of the human rights violations and their lack of respect of the law.
Our society, shaped by a revolutionary mindset, is polarized more, and has gone away from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
intolerance, exclusion and revenge became the icons of the consequences of the revolution.
I'm not here today to inspire them with our history of the``credit"success and the choices.
Rather, I'm here today to trust that we, as a nation, we choose wrong, make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace, stability and security to Libya.
The credit list and the alternative between candidates and candidates brought peace and national reconciliation?
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why is our society still polarized and dominated with selfish selfish policies and exclusion, both for men like women?
Maybe what I missed was not only women, but the female values of compassion, mercy and inclusion.
Our society needs national dialogue and consensus creation more than what choices needed, which only reinforce polarization and division.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the feminine most than need the numerical and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as agents of outrage and call days of anger.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy.
We have to develop a female speech, that not only honor, but also put the mercy in practice instead of the revenge, the collaboration rather than competition, inclusion instead of exclusion.
These are the ideals that a Libya, destroyed by war, needs desperately in order to reach peace.
Because peace has a alchemy that is about intelligence and alternative between female perspectives and male.
That's the real creature.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it in a political way.
According to a version of the Koran Rose -- peace --``It is the word of the mosquito God, compass, compassionate . ''
At the same time, the word``rail ,"which is known in all the autonomous traditions, has the same root in Arabic than the word``rampal"--``remote"--``top"-- shared the feminine and material, which brings all the humanity and the material, which fits all the humanity that men and women, that all the tribes
And so, just like the uterus completely covers the embryo, which grows inside, the divine matrix of the compassion is all the existence.
And so we're like,``My mercy sucks all things . ''
This is how we're said,``My mercy is prevalent on my anger . ''
It's all about the grace of mercy.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an uncertain question, which has an equally exciting response.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is the one you all do: Why do she stay??
Why was anyone to stay with a man who beat him?
I'm not psychiatrist, no social worker, no expertise in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old . I had just joined me at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor in the Seva magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first green cartoon American Express, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, who I created my twin soul, put me into the head with a gun, charged with a rubber bullets . .
The man, who loved more than anyone in this world, put a pistol in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of crazy love, a psychological trap, of love, where every year millions of women fall, and even some men.
It could even be their story.
I don't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence.
I'm a link in English at Harvard University, and I have an MBA at Martin Business School.
I've spent most of my career working for the companies of the Fortune 500 list, among them Johnson & Johnson, Leo Burntthan and The Washington Post.
I took almost 20 years married with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black laboratory and driving a minister Honor Observer.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anybody, all races, all the religions, all the levels of income and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a problem of women.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of the malaria are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate, interdependent and long relationships, or said otherwise, in the families, the last place where we want or expect to find violence -- motivation for which, domestic abuse is so puzzling.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world who would stay with a man who beat him, and I actually was a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States, women in between 16 and 24 years of age have three times more likely to be a victims of domestic violence victims than other ages, and over 500 women and girls in that age are killed every year by couples, non-altitudees and abusive husbands in the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I didn't know anything about domestic violence, their warning signals or their patterns.
I met Congo in a cold night and shark night.
I was sitting next to me in the subway of New York City and began to flex with me.
He said two things.
The first one was that he also had just gotten rid of a university of the Ivan Leonardo, and he worked in a very important bank of Wall Street.
But what struck me most in that first encounter was that I was ready and fun, and it seemed like a field.
He had some big tiles like apples, and a wheat hair, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things he made icons, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the mate.
He did it especially at the beginning by putting in a pedestal.
We started coming out, and I loved everything about me: I was ready, that I had gone to Harvard, who was passion to help girls teenage, and my work.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
Congo believed in me as a writer and as a woman, like nobody had ever done it.
And that was why the literature in that prestigious school and work in Wall Street and his brilliant future had so much importance for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is to seduce and make the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was go from New York and leave the work of my dreams, but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted, I left my job and icons and I went together from Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling in a crazy love, who was entering head into a physical, financial, psychological trap.
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how she does.
And here's where those guns come in.
As soon as we moved to New England, you know, that site where Obama was supposed to feel so safe was bought by three clues.
One had in the car glove.
Another one was held under the pillow in our bed and the third always in its pocket.
And he said he needed those clues because of the trauma that lived in little.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those guns were actually a message for me, and, although I never had my hand, my life was already serious, every minute of every day.
The first physical attack of Congo happened five days before our wedding.
It was seven in the morning, and I still had the shirt.
Five days later, when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother's boyfriend suit and married him.
Despite what had happened, I was sure we would live happily forever, because I loved him and he also wanted me.
And I was very, very regret.
It had simply felt very overwhelmed by the wedding and the fact to form a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident, and I would never be hurt.
I spent twice in our honey moon.
The first time I was driving into a secret beach and I lost, and he gave me so strong in my head that I stole several times against the window of the car.
And then a couple of days later, driving back from our moon moon, and it was added by traffic and threw a Big Mac cold.
And I was still paying for one or twice a week for the next two years and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is victim of domestic violence or harassment at some point in their life, and the Disease Control Center reported that every year 15 million children are battered , 15 million.
So, actually, I had very good company.
Back to my question: Why did I stay?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
Instead, I was a very strong woman, in love with a deeply tormented man, and it was the only person in the world that could help Congo face their devils.
The other question that everybody else does is: Why don't you just move?
Why didn't I go? I could have gone at any time.
For me, this is the most sad and painful question that people do, because we, the victims, we know something that normally you ignore: it's incredibly dangerous to abandon a malaria.
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the murder in the cases of domestic violence happens after the victim has finally put the relationship to the relationship, after they march, because then the abuse has nothing to lose.
Other repercussions include permanent harassment, even after the abuse has come back to marry, dense of financial resources, and manipulation of the criminal family system to engage the victim and their children, who normally are forced by judges to spend no supermarket with the man who paid their mother.
And we still keep asking why it's just not going?
I was able to go, because I was able to go from a last pain, and I had my denial.
I realized that the man I loved so much, I would have killed me if I had it.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody, the police, my neighbors, my friends and family, to complete unknown friends, and I'm here today because all of you helped me.
We have the tendency to stereotypical victims like specialized headlines, self-destructive women, damaged goods.
The question,``Why is it left? ''
For some people, it's a way of saying,``The guilt is yours for staying ,"as if the victims we're going to be able to intuitively fall in love with men who want to destroy.
But since I published``Lock love ,"I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who also escape, who learned an unsustainable lesson of what happened to them, and they reported their lives, joyful lives, like employees, wives and mothers, completely free violence, like mine.
Because it turns out I'm a victim and a very typical domestic violence survivor.
I went home with a man and nice, and we have those three children.
I have that black laboratory and also that minister.
What I'm not going to do again, ever, is a cardiac pistol pointing to my head in somebody's hands of someone who says he wants me.
Right now, they're just thinking,``Hey, that's fascinating!"or``Hal, what silly it was ,"but all this time I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people who are listening to me right now, who are being abused or that they were small, or that they were abusive . .
The evil could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to end my crazy particular love by making the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
Abuse provides only in silence.
They have the power to end the domestic violence simply carrying light on it.
The victims need everybody.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
Take the pen to the light talking about it with their kids, their coworkers, their friends and family.
They replicate their vision of survivors as fantastic and charming people, who have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to intervene consciously, to address their climb and show the victims a safe output.
Together we can convert our beds, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis that they should be.
Thank you.
Hi . I call me Cameron Russell, and for a while, I'm a model.
To be accurate, for 10 years.
And I feel that right now there's an awkward tension in the room because I shouldn't have dressed this way . Luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first clothes of clothing on a TED stage, so you're very lucky to present it, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when they came up, they don't have to do it now, but I'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think of me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These cows are very uncomfortable -- less wrong than I don't have to use them anymore.
The worst part is to pass this sweater through your head, because it's when you're going to laugh from me, so you don't do anything as I cover your head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
appearance is powerful, but it's also surface.
I've completely changed what they thought of me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a boyfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable, and the photographer told me that she would bow the back and the child's hair.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial tan like the one that I made two days ago for work, there is very little that we can do to transform our aspect, which, although shallow and unchanging, has a huge impact in our lives.
So today, to me, being courageous means to be honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice and white woman, and in my lab sector, that's a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do, but honestly.
The first question is, how does it become model?
And I always say, a hunters discovered me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I made model is because I won the genetic lottery, and I'm the benefit of a heritage, and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries, we haven't only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry, which we are biologically programmed to admire, we've also associated with it to a high and sensitive shape, to womanhood and a white skin.
And that's my heritage, a heritage that I've known to make money.
And I know that there are people in the audience who are now skeptical, and maybe there are some lovers of the fashion that say -- wait . There are Naomi, Tom, Joan Similas, Lou Wei.
First of all, the happy people to know about models . It's amazing.
But unfortunately I have to report to you that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at the University of New York told each and each of the models in the runway, and from the 176 models hired, only 27, that is less than four percent, were not white.
The next question that people always do is: Could it be model when it's greater?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't know that.
But then, what I'm really going to tell each of these girls is, why? You can be whatever you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a core, non-alongain surgeon, which would be awesome, because you would be the first.
If after this particular list, still insist, no, no, Cameron, I want to be model, then I tell you, I know my boss.
Because I'm not in charge of anything, and you could be the reduction chief of American Voice magazine, or the CEO of H & M, or the next Steven Mendel.
I'm going to say that the older you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you're greater.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a job you can choose.
I'm going to show you all I learned in 10 years as a model, because, unlike cardiovascular surgery, you can summarize right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Unfortunately, once you've done your studies, and you have a curriculum, and some jobs to your backs, no matter what you say, if you say you want to be president of the United States, but your rsum said,``model of underwear model for 10 years, people will look weird . ''
The next question that people are always doing is if all of the photos come back.
And yes, you know, you're all about all photos, but that's just a little bit of what happens.
This was the first picture that took me, and also the first time I used a bikini, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal ground, but it was a girl.
That's how I put my grandmother a few months before.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am in a pajamas party a few days before the photos for the French Voice.
Here I am with my soccer team and in the V magazine.
And this is me in the present.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those photos.
They're creation of a group of professionals, peaks, malents, photographers and statistics, and all their help and people in front and support, and they get to create this . That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always do is: Do you get free things?
I have too much company from 20 inches, and I never use, except the next couple, but the privilege I get are the ones I get in real life, and we don't like to talk.
I grew up in Cambridge, and I once went to a store, and I forgot to take money, and they gave me the dress free.
When I was a teenager, I was traveling with my friend who was a prime driver; it took a red service, and, of course, they stopped us, and I had a feeling, and it was agent to be able to keep driving.
I enjoy these privilege for me, not for what I am, and there are people who are paying a price for their aspects without matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, of the 14,000 teenagers who were stopped and recorded , 86 percent were black and Latino, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 177,000 black young young young young young men in New York, so for them, isn't it a question of me would stop me?
But how many times would I stand? And when?
By research for this talk, I learned that 50 percent of the 13-year-old girls in the United States don't like their body, and that number is elevated to 78 percent at 17.
So, the last question that people do is: How is life of a model?
And I think the answer you expect is: If you're a little bit thinner, you have the brightest hair, you will feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe this is how it looks.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible to work with creative, ingenious, passionate people.
And that's true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of cameras, what I've never said in front of them, is, I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about me every day.
And if you ever ask: with some more thin legs and the brightest hair, it will be happier?
They only have to meet with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the brightest hair and the most to fashion, but probably be the most environmentally insecure women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of racial oppression and gender, when I am one of the biggest benefits.
If there is something to get from this talk, I hope you all feel more comfortable by recognizing the power of the image in perception that we have from success and failure.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since I was older enough to hold a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 most precious pictures, and I didn't go to me who shot them.
There were no artistic directors, no murder, no opportunity to repeat photos, not even a minimum care in lighting.
In fact, most people took them randomly.
My story starts when, finding myself in New York City to give a power, my wife took me up this picture holding my daughter in his first birthday . That's the corner of 57 and five.
He gave the chance we went back to New York just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When I approached my daughter's third birthday, my wife told me, why don't you take wise to New York City in a back trip and continue the ritual?
This is when we started asking the tourists that were going to take us out.
It's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete unknown is so universal.
No one has been denied, and fortunately, no one has ever fled with the camera.
So, we were not aware of how much life would change this journey.
It became something sacred for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day that a five year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They are also a way to stop time in a week of October and to make us think about our time and our evolution over the years, and not only at the physical level, but in all the senses.
Because, although we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter gets new milestone, and I can see life through their eyes and how it feels and interact with everything.
That time in concrete that we pass together is something that we expect with illusion all year.
Recently, in one of the trips, we were walking, when suddenly it was stopped in dry, and it pointed out a red towel from the wrist store that I would love with small visits.
And he described me what had felt like at the age of five years in that same place.
I began to remember her heart beating with force when I first saw that place for the first time nine years.
And now what you look at in New York are universities, because it's determined to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we created are memories.
So I want to share the idea of engaging actively in the conscious creation of memories.
I don't know you, but besides these 15 photos, I don't go out in many of the family photos.
I'm always the one who takes the picture.
Today, I want to encourage you all to come up in the picture, and you don't have to go to somebody and ask it: Do you take a picture?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
Buttons are in the most threatened bird group.
First, why do they have so bad press?
It has also been associated with Disney laughter as characters, stupid, stupid characters.
More recently, if you've been following the Kenyan pressure, the applause, the applause, these are the attributes that they associate with the Kenyan Parliament . But I don't accept it.
I don't accept it . You know why?
Because the members of the Parliament don't keep the environment clean . Paradigms don't help prevent disease spread.
They're hardly monitoring . They're far away from extinct . And, my favorite, buttons have better presence . There are two types of buttons on this planet.
There are the New World bureaucrats that are mainly found in the Americas, like the citizens and the cards, and the Building World Building, where we have 16 species . From these 16 , 11 , 11 , 11 , 11 risk.
So why are the bits important? First of all, providing vital ecological services . Clean.
It's our natural garbage collectors.
Clean the carcasses to the bone.
They help kill all bacteria . They help absorb the anthrax that not to be for them will spread and cause large losses of livestock and disease in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no buttons, the carcasses take three to four times more time to decompose, and this has huge ramifications in the spread of disease.
Buttons also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated with ancient Egyptian culture.
Been was the symbol of the protector and the maternity, and along with the hut, they synchronize the unit between the Alto and the Netherlands.
In Indian mythology, Jack was the god boring, and he risked his life to save the god of the decade of 10 heads.
In Tibetan culture, you're doing a lot of very important environments to open sky . In places like Tibet, there is no place to bury dead, or wood to create them, so these bureaucracies provide a natural disposal system.
What is the problem with boundaries?
We have eight species of bikes in Kenya, which six are in extreme threatened extinction.
The reason is that they're being poisoned, and the reason they're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and wildlife . participants use this poison against predators, and as a consequence, the bikes are victims of this.
In the south of Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of bursts are in the critical danger of extinction endangered, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years, it's going extinct, and the reason is because they fall prey from livestock consumption that has been treated with an analog drug like the Beatles.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India, and they've taken a position.
Since there are no buttons, there's been a spread in the number of street dogs in vertical vehicles, and when you have street dogs, you have a huge amount of time for rage . The number of rage cases has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the largest wind parks in Africa : 350 adventures are going to be above the Turkana lake.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to birds . They cut them in half.
They're birds.
In Western Africa, there is a horrible trade of dead bombers to serve the bubble and the pesticide market.
So what are you doing? OK, we're researching these birds . We're putting them transitions.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel by different countries, so focus on a problem, it's not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments in the regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciation, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that they provide.
How can you help? You can become active, make noise . you can write a letter to your government and tell you, we need to focus on these very understood creatures, donate your time to spread the word . It will spread the word.
When they come out of this room, they're informed about the bureaucracies, but they talk to their families, with their kids, with their neighbors about the buses.
They're very elegant . Charles Darwin said that he changed opinion because he saw them flying without effort, no energy spending in the heavens.
Kenya, this world, will be much poorer without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do, and everything I do professionally -- my life -- has been shaped for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
Since 1971 to 1977 to 1977, I judge young, but I'm no longer . I worked in Zambia, Kenya, Coast of ivory, Algeria and Somalia, in technical cooperation projects with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO, and every project we established in Africa failed.
And I was disturbed.
I thought, at the age of 21, we were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
In place of that, everything we did, we did it.
Our first project, which inspired my first book,``Silvers of Zambia ,"was a project where we decided to teach people from Zambia to grow food.
So, we came with Italian seeds to the south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that goes down to the Zambia River, and we teach the local local tomatoes to grow Italian and calm tomatoes.
Of course, people weren't at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't go . We were astonished that the local, in so fertile valley, had no agriculture.
However, instead of asking them how it was possible that they didn't grow anything, we just said,``Thank God we're here ."`` Just in time to save the people in Zambia . ''
And of course, everything in Africa is grown beautifully.
We got these magnificent tomatoes . In Italy, a tomato would grow this size . In Zambia, this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were saying to the silver,``Look how easy agriculture is agriculture . ''
When the tomatoes were nice, mature and red, at night, about 200 hypothesis appeared from the river and ate everything, and we said to the silver,``Oh my God, hyper-constantly! ''
And the simulations said,``Yes, so we don't have agriculture here ."`` Why didn't you say it?"`` You never asked . ''
I thought only we Italians took errors in Africa, but then I saw what Americans did, what the English did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the hyper-constantly.
You should see the waste -- you should see the waste that we put to the trusted people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, read``Death help"by Osama Moore, shadow economist.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western donor countries, have delivered African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I won't tell you about harm that money has caused.
Just read your book.
Put it from an African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are invariably implanted, collective missions, and we treat people just in two ways, or the sponsors, or we are patterns.
The two words come from the Latin root root, which means``father . ''
However, it means two different things.
Pathology, I deal with any of a different culture as if they were my kids .``I want you very much . ''
sponsors, I deal with all of a different culture as if they were my servant.
So the white in Africa are called``Buddhist ,"boss.
That book gave me a slap on the face .``The little thing is beautiful ,"written by Schusonia, who said about all economic development, if people don't want to be helped, left alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is respect.
This morning, the guy who opened this conference put a cane on the floor and said,``Can you imagine a city that is not neuroscientist? ''
I decided at the age of 27, I would just respond to people, and I invented a system called Facebook company where you never started anything, you're ever motivated to anyone, but it becomes a serious of the local passion, the lower of the local people who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what do you do? It's street.
He never comes to a community with an idea, and he sits with the people in the locality.
We don't work from offices.
We got together in a coffee . We met in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give you an idea to someone.
If that person doesn't want to do what you're going to do?
The passion that she has for his own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that that man has for his own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then we help you find knowledge, because nobody in the world can succeed alone.
The person with the idea may not have knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not us, at once to get a community to tell people what to do, why not, for once, did we hear them? But not in community meetings.
Let me tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
Entrepreneurs never attend, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity they have identified.
So, planning has this blind dot.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't attend their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face-to-face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You must create a new profession.
The profession is the family family of the company, the family family doctor, who's set up with you in your house, at the table of your kitchen, in coffee, and that helps you find the resources to transform your passion in a way to make your life.
I started this as a test in Expert, Western Australia City.
I was doing a Ph.D. at that time, trying to get away from this freezing trash where we got to tell them what to do.
In a year, I had 27 projects on the road, and the government came to me to say,``How can you do that??
How can it do it?"I said,``I did something very, very, very difficult.
I stood up and I listened ."So, the government says,``Do it again . ''
We've helped to start 40,000 business.
There is a new generation of entrepreneurs who are dying of loneliness.
Peter Druggle, one of the greatest business advisers in history, died at 96, a few years ago.
Peter Druggle was a philosophy of philosophy before I got involved in business, and this is what Peter Druggle says:``planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative company economy . ''
planning is the kiss of the death of the corporate spirit.
So now you're rebuilding Christchurch without knowing what the most stupid people in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn to get these people to come up with you.
You have to offer them confidence, privacy, it has to be fantastic when you help them, and then they'll come up, they'll come in mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 clients.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion??
What do you do . Have you ever applaud this morning?
Passionate local people . That's what you have applaud.
So, what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial revolution: non-line fossil fuels, manufacturing -- and from one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
They face as a way of holding machinery is not sustainable.
What we need to consider, it's how we nurture, cure, educating, transported, we communicate to seven billion people, in a sustainable form.
There are no technologies to do that.
Who's going to invent technology for the green revolution?
The government? Forget it!
They're going to be entrepreneurs, and they're doing it now.
There's a remarkable story that I read in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in the 1960s.
And in the year 1800s, this group of people came together, and they set up about what happened to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was anonymous: the city in New York didn't exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they analyzed the curve and they pointed out, if the population kept growing in this rate, to bring the population of New York around the surroundings, they would require six million horses, and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to tackle.
They were already sending in dung . So, in 1860, they were stealing this dirty technology that he was building New York lives.
So what happens? In the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States, the United States showed up 100 auto manufacturing companies , 100.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed, and there were very few, scans, factories in apartment places.
Drave, Michigan . Henry Ford.
However, there's a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First, you have to offer them confidence.
Otherwise, they won't come to conversation with you.
Then you have to offer them an absolute, dedicated, enthusiastic service.
And then, subsequently, you will have to tell you the truth about it.
The smallest company, the largest company, has to be able to do three wonderful things: the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to count a fantastic marketing, and you have to count a great financial administration.
You know what?
We've never met a single human being in the world that can do, sell and search for the money alone.
It doesn't exist.
This is still not born.
We've investigated and observed the 100 companies of the Carnegie world, Washington, Edison, Ford, all new companies, Google, Yahoo.
There is only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, only one: none of them started by one person.
Never the word``me ,"but the word``us ,"32 times.
He wasn't just when he started.
Nobody begins a company alone . Nobody.
So, we can create the community where we have facilitators, who come from an environment of small businesses sitting in coffee, in bars next to their dedicated designers who will do for you, what someone did for this gentleman who talks about this epoxy, someone who's going to ask you, what does it need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Well, can you sell? Can you look for money? ''
\" Oh, no, I can't do that ."`` Would you want me to look for someone? ''
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those around us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't have a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
Over the last few years I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like all assembled, plants and chalk.
These projects came out of questions like, how much pay my neighbors for their apartments?
How can we try and ask more things without calling the door in a bad moment?
How do we share more memories from our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape better?
How do we share more our hopes in the empty shops so that our communities can reflect our needs today and dreams?
I live in New Orleans, and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the giant robots that give sharks to lovers, drunk and dreamer for centuries and trust a city.
That always gives the music . There's a designer in New Orleans . The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the largest number of abandoned properties in the United States.
I live close to this house and thought about how I could turn it into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was Joan, as a mother for me.
His death was sudden and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this made me a deep gratitude for the living time.
It clearly gave the significant things of my current life.
But I'd come to keep this look at my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to let me catch a day and forget the really important thing for one.
So with the help of old friends, new friends transformed the wall of this abandoned house on a giant blackboard and painted on her phrases to complete,``Before I die, I want...''
So the trains could take a chalk, reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to wait from this experiment, but the next day the wall was packed and kept covering.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
\" Before I die, I want to be judged by hacking ,"`` before I die I want to sit down on the line of decline . ''
\" Before I die I want to sing for millions of people . ''
\" Before I die, I want to plan a tree . ''
\" Before I die, I want to live outside the Web . ''
\" Before I die, I want to hug me again . ''
\" Before I die, I want to go to somebody's rescue . ''
\" Before I die, I want to be completely myself . ''
This abandoned space became constructive, and the dreams and the hopes of people made me laugh, they were destroyed, and they gave me comfort in hard moments.
It's about knowing that one is not alone . It's about understanding our neighbors in new ways and screens, and it's about giving up the reflection and contemplation, and remembering what is most important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started receiving hundreds of messages from passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues in the civic center, we made a kit, and now they have been walls in countries around the world, like Kazakhstan, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together we demonstrate the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of increasing distraction, it's more important than ever, to find ways to conserve perspective and remember that life is brief and delicate.
Death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even thinking, but I understood that preparing for death is one of those things that make us more power.
Think about the classic death of our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters to us as individuals and as a community and more means to share hope, fears and stories, the people around us not only can help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Today I have a only request.
Please don't tell me that I am normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my siblings.
Reman is 22 years old, and it's high and very handsome.
It doesn't talk, but it makes joy better than some of the best speakers.
remix knows what love is.
So, it doesn't normally happen what happens.
It's not anti-up . It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
They don't care about religious differences and look at this: Never lied.
When I sing songs of our childhood, trying to provide words that I can't even remember, I remember one thing: how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it should be the unknown.
Samuel is 16 years old . It's high . It's very handsome.
It gets the most unlikely memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
It doesn't remember if I stole my chocolate, but remember the year I came up with each of the songs of my iPod, conversations that we kept when I was four years old, I was going to get paid in my arm during the first episode of the temperate and the Lady Gaga birthday.
Don't you think amazing?
But most people disagree.
And in fact, because their minds are not adjusted to the concept of society, often they're ignored and understood.
But what propelled my heart and posed my soul was that even if that was the case, although they didn't consider them inside the ordinary, that could only mean one thing: that they were extraordinary -- autistic and extraordinary.
Now, for those fewer families with the term``autism"is a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes physical skills.
In each individual, it makes a different way, and that's where rowing is so different to Sam.
And around the world, every 20 minutes, it's diagnosed a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the developing disorders that are faster increases in the world, there's no known cure or cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without him.
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new self in my life.
When a few months ago, I realized that he was different.
He wrote a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies, and in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
She was living, and he went back in his own world, with his own rules, and he found pleasure in the smallest things, like putting cars around the room around the room, looking at the washing machine and eating anything that would be between media.
As it grew up, it became more different, and the differences became more evident.
But beyond the managers, frustration and unimaginable hyperactivity, there was something really unique: a pure and innocent nature, a child that looked at the world without prejudice, a human being that I had never lied.
Extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some difficult moments in my family, moments in which I would have wanted them to be just like me.
But I look back to the things that have taught me about individuality, communication and love, and I realize that they are things that I wouldn't want to change by normal.
Now, normality goes through the beauty that makes us differences and the fact that it doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It only means there's a different view of what's right.
If I could convey one one thing to Rag and Sam and you, you don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences we have -- they're a gift! Every one of us has a gift inside and, honestly, the pursuit of normality is the last sacrifice of potential.
The opportunity for greatness, progress and change dies at the time we try to be like others.
Please -- don't tell me I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit of what it has been to be Alice in the country of the wonders.
Penn State asked me, a communications professor, who gave a class of communication to engineering students.
I was scared . It was really scared . She argued of these students with their big minds, their big books and their big, unknown words.
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Alice should have felt when I fell through the hole of the rabbit and saw the door of a new world.
I just felt when I had those conversations with students . I was surprised with the ideas they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a big communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are those who are attacking our biggest challenges, from energy to environment and health care, among others, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as a scientist to have these interactions.
But these big conversations cannot happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please, make them simple.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that your science is sexy and your engineering is attractive.
First question to answer, what?
Tell us why science is relevant to us.
They don't just tell us that they study the works, but they study the workers, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat osteoporosis.
And when they're describing their science, they're careful with the jargon.
jargon is an obstacle for our understanding of its ideas.
Sure, you can say``space and temporary ,"but why not say``space and time"that is much more accessible to us?
Make them accessible is not the same thing as making them dumb.
Instead, as Einstein said, it's all as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without compromise ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies . They're ways of encouraging and excited with their content.
And when you present their work, forget about the bullet signs.
They have asked why they call``bullets"? What do the bullets do? The bullets kill, and they kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it supports too much in the area of language of our brain and overwhelmed us.
Instead, this idea of example of Venice Brown is much more effective . It shows that the special structure of the computers is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower.
The trick here is to use a simple, legal phrase, that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit, and then provide graphs that link our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding what's described.
I think these are just some keys that can help us open the door and look at the country of wonders that is science and engineering.
And so scientists and engineers, when they've solved this equation, by all media, make me simple . Thank you.
One of my favorite words from all of the Oxford English Dictionary is``surface . ''
Just because it sounds very well.
And``supermassive"means``destined political . ''
Although there was a newspaper editor of the 19th century that defined it much better when he said,``A surface"is that he's looking for a public charge without matter party, platform or principle, and that when he wins, he gets it by the mere use of a metabolic version.
I have no idea what``record . ''
Something to do with words, I suppose.
It's very important that words are based on politics, and that all politicians know they have to try to dominate language.
It wasn't until, for example , 1771 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were said in the parliamentary chamber.
And this was all thanks to the value of a guy with the name of Brazil Crush, who faced Parliament.
They were sent in the London Tower, and they were incarcerated, but he had enough courage to confront them, and at the end he had such popular support in London that he won.
And just a few years later, we had the first recorded use of the phrase``such a barrier"phrase.
Most of you think it's literal.
It's not because of a freedom of freedom of expression.
But to really show you how words and politics interact, I want you to come back to America, right after independence.
So, they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This was defined in Congress for a long time.
They were introduced all kinds of suggestions that could have frustrated.
Some of them wanted to call it``Step of State West ,"and others,``His Air George Washington ,"and other people``Defense of the U.S. People of America . ''
Not very closely.
Some just wanted to call it``King . ''
They thought it was quality.
And they weren't even with it, they had the idea that you could be elected King for a determined deadline.
And it could have served.
Everybody gets tired, because this debate was produced for three weeks.
I read the newspaper of a poor senator, and he always wrote,``Still with this subject . ''
What caused the delays and the until was that the House of Representatives was against the Senate.
The Representative House didn't want Washington to be empowered.
They didn't want to call it King if he was giving him to his own.
So, they wanted to give him the most modest, more insidious, more unfortunate title that came up with them.
And that title was``President . ''
President . They didn't invent the title . It was already before, but it only meant``someone who predicts a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much more great than the term``foreman"or``supernova . ''
There were an eventual president of small colonial attacks and government fractions, but it was really an insignificant title.
And that's why the Senate opens up.
They said,``It's ridiculous, we can't call it President . ''
\" This guy has to be treated and reunited with foreign dictionaries . ''
\" And who will be serious with a degree as ridiculous and insignificant as the U.S. President? ''
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't come.
We can learn three interesting things about this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to figure out, the Senate has never been officially refrigerated the title of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky to follow there, waiting for the Senate to be in action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary, it's possible that we keep waiting for 220 more years.
But the third thing that we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and I want to leave you with this, is that the U.S. President title doesn't sound so modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads to available, the largest economy in the world and a fleet of random air vehicles and so on.
Reality and history have given the degree of genius.
So, at the end, I won the Senate.
They got their response title.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the appearance of uniqueness -- well, it was a singularity by then.
But, you know how many nations now president?
And all because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear warheads, etc.
So, at the end, the Senate won and the House of Representatives lost, because no one's going to feel humble when they tell you that they are the President of the U.S.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn, and I'd like to leave you with.
The politicians try to choose and use words to shape the way and control reality, but really, the reality made a lot more than words that these could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 feet underground in an illegal mine of Ghana.
The air is loaded with heat and dust and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the recipe of super-related bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that speak, but most of all, that cacophony of male tomato and stones with primitive tools.
Like the others, I take a cheap light of light light attached to my head with this adjacent elastic, and I can barely distinguish the branches that hold the walls of that one meter hole that falls hundreds of meters on Earth.
He slipped my hand, and suddenly I remember a miner I met before, who lost the control and fell under incredible meters in that pump.
As I talk to you today, these men are in the deep thing about that hole risking their lives without payment or reward and often dying.
I went out of that hole, and I went home but they might never do it, because they're prey of slavery.
In the last 28 years I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition in the World Peace Summit.
And among all the amazing people I met there met a integrity of Fried the September, an NGO that was dedicated to eradicating modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery, and really, I started learning about slavery because I knew that there was in the world, but not that degree.
When we finished talking to me very bad, I was honestly embarrassed to ignore this atrocities of our days, and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
I was made a knot the stomach, and weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the CEO of the Sunday, and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I had been in many of these sites.
Some, even though, considered my second home.
But this time, he ventilated dirty suits.
A conservative calculation says that there are now over 27 million people in the world.
It's twice the number of Africans displaced throughout the whole deal of transnational slaves.
150 years ago the cost of an agricultural slave was about three times the annual salary of an American worker.
And the equivalent of a $50,000 days.
However, today you can enslave entire families for generations per capita debt of $18.
Remarkably, slavery generates more than $13 billion per year around the world.
Many have been fooled with false promises of good education and better work to then discover that they're forced to work without payment, under threat of violence and they can't escape.
Now, slavery operates in trade: goods produced by slaves have value, but who produced them are disposable.
slavery exists in almost everybody, and yet it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met the brick furnaces.
This strange and formidable show was like entering old Egypt or the hell of Dante.
Immediate in a temperature of 54 C, men, women, children, in fact, whole families wrapped in a heavy hand of powder stack up mechanically bricks in their heads, until 18 at the time, and they carry them from the direct furnaces to trucks that are hundreds of meters.
Despair by the monkey and the tiredness work in silence, doing this task over and over for 16 hours a day.
There were no sticks to eat, not to drink, and the severe deforestation made it to be pretty shocking.
So penguins were the heat and dust that my camera became too hot to the touch and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean up the team and make it work with air conditioning to review it, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the oven, I wanted to cry, but the definition that I was on my side quickly grabbed me and said,``Lisa, don't do it . Don't do it here . ''
And it explained to me very clearly that proving emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me, but for them.
I couldn't offer any direct aid.
I couldn't give you money, nothing.
I was not a citizen of that country.
It could put them in a worse situation than they were already.
I had to trust my September ,"and work within the system for their release and trust that they would.
In terms of me, I waited to get home to feel my broken heart.
In the Himalayas, I found kids running rocks for miles per mountains to trucks that were waiting down.
Those big plants were more heavy than the kids who loaded them and the kids put them into their heads with homemade straps made of sticks, ropes and rags.
It's hard to present something so overwhelming.
How can we influence something so insidious, but so ubiquitous?
Some people don't even know they're slaves, and they work 16 hours a day without payment because this has been all their life.
They have nothing to compare.
When these villages recruited their freedom, the slaves burned their houses.
When I heard the word slavery, we often think of sexual trafficking, and because of this global awareness, I was told that it would be hard to work with security in this particular business.
In Kathmandu, I was touched by women who had been previously sexual slaves.
They drove me by a few sticky stairs that gave this dirty basement, of selective light.
It wasn't exactly a brothel.
It was more a restaurant.
Restriction, as you know in the office, are local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms, private rooms, where the slaves women with their girls and children, some of the only seven years are forced to entertain customers and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each point is dark and dirty, identified by a painted number on the wall and divided by a boom and a curtain.
Workers often suffer sexual abuse by their clients.
On the ground, I remember having felt a hot acute fear, and at that instant, I barely could imagine what it should be stuck in that hell.
I only had a exit: the stairs where I entered.
There were no doors.
There were no big enough windows to climb.
Those people don't have any scheme, and because we touch such a hard topic, it's important to point out that slavery, even sexual traffic, happens around us.
There are hundreds of people enslaved in agriculture, in restaurants, in the domestic service and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children are sold every year as sex slaves.
It happens everywhere, but we don't see it.
The textiles are another activity that often relate to slave labor.
I visited Indian villages where there were entirely enslaved families in the silk trade.
This is a family portrait.
The hands of black black are from the father, the trips of blue and red, of their children.
They mix tourists in these big barrels and dip the silk on the liquid to the elbow, but the pipe is toxic.
My interpreter told me his stories.
\" We don't have freedom ,"they said.
\" We still hope, however, can be able to get out of this house someday and go somewhere else where we really pay our work . ''
There are estimated that there are more than 4,000 slaves in the lake, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we got, I went to look fast.
I saw what seemed to be a fish family in a ship, two older brothers, some younger kids, makes sense not?
Wrong . They were all slaves.
Kids are separated from their traditionally wounded families, disappeared and forced people to work extinct areas in these boats in the lake, despite not knowing swimming.
This kid is eight years old.
When our boat came up, he was shaking; he was afraid that his little canoe was embraced.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling into the water.
The branches of the trees plunged in Lake Valley often attract networks and children, fatigue and fear, they're thrown into the water to unleash branches.
Many are drowning.
Since it remembers, it's always been forced to work in the lake.
For fear to his love, he's not going to flee, and as all life has been treated with cruelty, it's culturally treated to the younger slaves under their command.
I met these guys at five in the morning, when they raised the latest networks, but they had been working from the one.
It's cold and windy.
And it turns out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're full of fish.
I want to introduce you to Kofi.
Kofi was rescued in a fishing village.
I met it in a shelter where I was Free the September of slavery.
Kofi symbolizes the possible.
Who will be because someone decided to make the difference in their life?
Driving by a road in Ghana with Paris's partners, an advanced companion with her motor suddenly accelerated and survival our car and played the window.
It asked us to follow it for a land to the forest.
At the end of the road, we got out of the car, and he asked the driver to come out quickly.
Then he pointed out this barely visible piece, and he said,``This is the path, this is the path . We go . ''
As we began to go down, we took the ingredients that blocked the road, and after walking around an hour, we found that the path was linked by the recent rains, so I put the photos team on my head as we get rid of these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walking, the single path ended up abruptly in a clear, and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field, and they were all full of enslaved workers.
Many women had tied kids to their backs, and as they were looking for gold, they walked in water poisoned with mercury.
The message is used in the extraction process.
These miners are enslaved in a pit in another part of Ghana.
When they came out of the pump they were packed in their own sweat.
I remember looking at his eyes tired, irritated, because many had been underground for 72 hours.
The wells have up to 90 meters, and these people are taking heavy stone bags that will then be transported to another area where they will kill the stone so they can extract the gold.
In the first view, the site seems to be full of strong men, but, if we look closer, the margin we see to work to other fortunate and also children.
They are all victims of injury, diseases and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ends up like this victim of tuberculosis and manipulation per message in a few years.
This is maneuver . When her father died his uncle took him to work with him in the mines.
When you die his uncle, Manufactual inherited the debt of uncle, which forces it to be slave in the mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the mines 14 years and the lesion of the leg that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine, so severe that doctors say it should be amputated.
In addition to that, manipulate has tuberculosis, and yet it's forced to work night and day in that mine.
Yet, he dream with being released and educated with help of local activists like France the Superstreas, and it's this kind of determination, of face to a remote possibility, which inspires me a lot of respect.
I want to shine light on slavery.
They knew their images would be seen for you around the world.
I wanted you to know that we will get testimony from them and we will do everything to help change their lives.
I just believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not magazines . These are people, real people, like you and me, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There is no day that I don't think of these so many beautiful people, battered, I've had the great honor of knowing.
I hope that these images wake up a force where you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force is going to be a fire, and that that fire shine light on slavery because, without that light, the beast of slavery can continue living in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do math applied, and there's a peculiar problem for whom it does: we're like management consultants.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So today, I'll try and tell you what I do.
Dance is one of the most human activities.
They slow down the virtues of the ballet and the clay dancers that we'll see later.
But the ballet demands an extraordinary degree of training, a high level of skill and probably certain initial competence that can be a genetic component.
Unfortunately, neurological disorders like Parkinson's disease destroy gradually this extraordinary skill, as I do with my friend Jane Starting, who, in his time, was a virtual ball dancing.
In the last few years, it has been very much progress in the treatment.
However, there are 2.3 million people in the world who are sick, and they have to deal with an incurable weakness, tremor, stiffness and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in objective ways and, ultimately, the only way we know if there really is a cure will be when we have an objective and beer metric.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson and other movement disorders, there are no biological markers, so they don't serve blood analysis, and the best thing we have is a 20 minutes neurological exam.
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It's very, very expensive, and that means that outside clinical trials are never done . It's never done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a difficult journey to the clinic . What if patients could do the exam themselves?
You wouldn't need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in neurological clinic.
So, what I want to propose to you as a non-violent form to try, you see, in some sense at least, we are all virtues like my friend Jane Starture.
This is a video of the vibration of vocal chords.
He shows somebody healthy as he emits sounds to speak . We can imagine as dancers of a vocal ballet because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds, and we all have the genes needed . The Photoshop, for example.
And, like the ballet, it requires an extraordinary level of training.
Let's think about the time it takes a child to learn to speak.
From sound, we can track the position of vocal chords as they vibrate, and as well as Parkinson affects the limbs, it also affects vocal organs.
In the bottom of the bottom you can see an example of the irregular temperature of vocal chords.
We see the same symptoms.
Voice, voice and stiffness.
The speech becomes more quiet and supported after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do you compare these tests based on the voice with specialized clinical trials? Well, both of them are not invasive.
The neurological test is not invasive . They both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
They're both accurate . Okay, but also based tests are not specialized.
I mean, they can be automated.
They're doing very quickly, they take about 30 seconds as much.
They are minimal cost, and we all know what happens.
When something takes a cost so low: it appears at the massive scale.
These are some amazing goals to address.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
You wouldn't make the clinic for the routine check.
With high monitoring, we could get objective data.
We could do low low-cost massive recruitment for clinical trials, and for the first time, large-scale factories.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomass of disease before it's too late.
So, by giving today the first steps in that sense, we're launching the Parkinson Valley Initiative.
Together to Acumen and Patricks, we want to register a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start addressing these goals.
We have local lines accessible for about 750 million people in the world.
Anyone, with without Parkinson, can call low price and leave recordings for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've already reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you . Tom Rielly: So Max, taking all these samples of, say 10,000 people, can you say who's healthy and who isn't?
What will you take from these samples?
Max Litclu: Yeah, yeah . What happens is that during the call you have to indicate whether or not you have the disease . TR: Of course.
MM: You see, some people may not do it . You may not end it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of linked data in different circumstances, and do it in different circumstances, it's important because we're looking for eliminating the confidence factors in search of the actual markers of disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now?
MM: Much more than that.
In fact, my graduate student, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and now it's shown that it works on the mobile phone network as well, which is the project . We now have 99 percent accuracy.
TR: November and nine . Well, it's an improvement.
MM: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much . Max Little, public.
MM: Thank you, Tom . .
Before March 2011, he made photographic portraits in New York City.
We are pale creatures, gray creatures.
We hide in the darkness, in rooms without windows, and usually we avoid sunlight.
We make the soft models still more thin, the perfect skin is still more perfect, we do the impossible, possible and criticized us in press all the time, but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a real taste for images and photography.
On March 11 , 2011, I saw from my house, like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happened in Japan.
A little time later, an organization where it was voluntary, there Hans volunteers, was in the place working as part of the answer team.
I, together with hundreds of other volunteers, knew that we couldn't stay at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13 traveled to Oxford.
It's a small town of fishermen located in the previous influence of Italian 50,000 people, one of the first villages affected by the wave.
The recorded water level reached over 24 feet tall and more than three miles in the ground.
As you can imagine, the village was devastated.
We took rubble off the channels and the bars.
We cleaned up schools . We took the slime and we left the houses ready to be renewed and recycled.
We took tons and tons of fish, bearded, rotten from the local factory.
We got stuck and loved it.
For weeks, both volunteers like neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and photos of photos and cameras and ID cards.
They all did the same thing.
You can pick them up and take them to different places of people around to keep them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered.
As they were running in the wave, and to save their lives, they had to absolutely abandon everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started helping in a village management center.
He helped clean the common bathrooms, the huge, giant banks.
This place turned out to be also the site of the village where the management center collected photos.
And there they took them, and I had the honor that that day would trust me to clean the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring, I had heard the expression to think beyond the horizons, but it wasn't until I carried out my horizons that something happened.
When I looked at the photos, I found some who had over a hundred years, and they were still in the top of the lab, I couldn't avoid thinking about how to fix that trait and repair that dark and met hundreds of people who could do the same.
So that night I walked in Facebook with some of them, and the next morning, the answer was so overwhelming and positive, which I knew we had to try.
So we started to challenge the photos.
This was the first of all.
I wasn't too stressed, but where the water had declined the face of the girl, it had to be fixed with a lot of precision and delight.
Otherwise, that girl wouldn't have the aspect of her, and that would be as tragic as having the strange picture.
With the time of time, they came up with more photos, and they needed more replacements like this is that he went back on Facebook and LinkedIn and five days later , 80 people in 12 countries offered to help.
Within two weeks, I had 150 people who were willing to join.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Ricago, a neighbor village to Northern Idaho.
Once a week we used our scanner in the temporal photographic libraries that had been installed, where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time they were trying to deliver them is a different story, it depends on the byproduct of the photos.
It could make an hour . I could make weeks . .
It could make months.
This little monkey had to draw very carefully by using the areas whose color and detail of water hadn't destroyed.
It took a long time.
The water destroyed all these pictures underwater in salt water, bacteria covered, with algae, even oil, all of that, along with the step of time, destroying them, and so cleaning them by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't play the picture unless it was clean, dry and it would have been recruited by his owner.
We were lucky with hand by hand.
We told the guide of an admirable neighbor.
It's very easy to harm even more pictures.
As Weinning once said, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought these pictures were lucky in relation to photos.
He had started to wipe them out, but he stopped to realize that they would hurt even more.
He also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face wouldn't have been able to rebuild, we were able to solve the images in one photo and challenge the whole picture.
When he picked his pictures, he shared some of his story with us.
A few colleagues of his husband found the photos in a firemen station between the rubble far far from where their house used to be, but their colleagues recognized it.
The tsunami day, his husband was the experimenter to close the barriers to the wave.
He had to go inside the water as the siren sounded.
His little kids, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different schools.
One of them was trapped in the water.
He took a week to find all his family and know that everybody had survived.
The day he handed his pictures his youngest son served 14 years.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do, something that he could go back to me, something that he could remember from the past that wouldn't have been marked by that March day when everything in his life changed or destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined us in there, Hans hundreds of them helped us clean by hand over 15,000 photographs, the vast majority of them, the vast majority came back in their owners.
More than 500 volunteers around the world helped us give back to 90 families of totally respected photos and returns.
During this time, we really don't spend more than $1,000 in teams and materials, most of them in ink for printers.
We took pictures constantly.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, somebody wanted.
They are guards of our memories and stories, the last thing we will take, but the first thing we would look for.
And about this, I was treating the project, of a small piece of humanity, to return to someone their connection to the past.
When a picture like this goes back to somebody, it's a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a big difference in the life of the replacements.
Some of them connected to something bigger, giving back to something, using their talent for something that they're not thin skin models.
To finish I'd like to read this email, I sent him Cindy the day I came back from Japan after six months.
As I did, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories shown in images.
One in particular, a photo with women from different ages from the grandmother to the little girl, gathered around a baby, made me, because a similar picture of my family, my grandmother, my mother, me and my newborn daughter, hangs of our wall.
In the entire world, in all of our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
Doc Eduneter inspired us awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that runs an apple in an exhibition of just a million seconds.
But now , 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not a million or a billion, but a trillion frames per second.
I present you a new kind of photograph: the family -- a new technique so fast that can create videos in slow motion of light in motion.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the corners, beyond the line of vision, or see the inside of the body without using X-rays, and they really challenge the idea of camera.
If I take a laser pointer and turn it up and turn it on a little bit of a second, and it is, in several members, I will create a picture of pictures of just a millimeter wide.
And that package of photons, that bullet, traveling at the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common bullet.
If we take that bullet, and this package of photons, and we shoot on this bottle, how do those photons spread inside this bottle?
What's the aspect of light in slow motion?
Now, all of this -- remember that all of this happens in less than a dinosaur is what it takes to travel light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so that you can see light in motion.
Coca-Cola didn't absorb this research . It's a lot of things in this movie; it will break this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our bullet, comes into the bottle with a package of photons that starts to drag it, and inside, it starts to spread.
Part of the light goes up, it goes to the table, and we start to see these ripples.
Many of the photons finally get to the lid and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that bounces inside.
At that time, the waves travel through the table, and because of the reflection of the top, you see on the bottom of the bottle, after several frames, that the thoughts concentrate.
Now, if we take a common and current bullet, and we make it go back the same distance, and we see it in slow motion at about 10 billion times, how much do you think it would take us to feel that movie?
One day? a week? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring film of a blank lens in motion.
And how about testing dead nature?
You can see the waves that come from the table, the tomato and the wall of the bottom.
It's like throwing a stone in a pond.
It's the way nature paints a picture, I thought, of a mate at once, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at this tomato, you'll notice that as the light stands out of the tomato, it's brilliant . It doesn't get dark.
Why? Because the tomato is mature, and the light bounces inside and it comes out after several billion minutes.
In the future, when this memory is in its cell phones, they will be able to go to the supermarket and verify if the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
What do we create at MIT?
As photographers, you know, if we take a low exposure photo, it enters very little light.
But we're going to go a billion times faster than the shortest exhibition, so I'll barely enter some light.
So we sent that bullet, that package of photons, millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very tight synchronize, we took those data gigabytes and the computer engineers to create those females that I showed you.
We can take all of those data in raw and process them interesting.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
What if a new power of a superheroes future allowed to see after the corners?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door . bounce down, go into the room, a part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light bounces.
It's not science fiction . We've already built it.
On the left, it's our mammography.
Behind the wall there's a crank and we'll bounce the light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Communists.
And a small fraction of the photons will go back to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different moments.
And as we have a camera that works so fast, our metabolism, it has unique capabilities.
It has very good temporary resolution, and you can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door and also to the hidden objects, but we don't know what point it corresponds to.
When you project a laser, you can record a picture in gross, which, you see on the screen, doesn't really make any sense.
But we'll take a lot of images like this, dozens of images, we'll put them together and try to analyze the multiple light bounces, and with that, we can see the hidden object?
Can we look at 3D?
This is our reconstruction.
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collisions with what's around the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected by the open windows.
Or we could build professionals able to see the inside of the body by cutting upright, and the same thing for hydrocarbons.
But of course, because of tissue and blood, this is quite difficult, so actually this is a request to scientists so that they start thinking about photographers as a new model of visualization to solve the problems of the next generation.
So as Doc English, he himself a scientist, he turned science into art, an art of unfortunate photographs.
I realized that all the gigabytes of data that we collected each time is not just for scientific visualization, but we can.
Create a new form of computing photography with slow motion and color code.
And look at those waves . Remember, the time between each of those waves is just a few bills of the second.
But here also happens funny.
If you look at the waves underneath the lid, these are moving away from us.
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects . Einstein would have loved to see this image.
The order in which events occur in the world sometimes comes up with the camera.
applying the corresponding population of space and time, we can run this distortion.
It's time . Thank you.
Hi . This is my mobile phone.
A cell phone can change life, and it gives you individual freedom.
With a cell phone can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a cell phone, you can take a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a cell phone, you can record a song, go up to grants and make it famous.
This is all possible with a cell phone.
I'm a Chinese China and live in Berlin City.
Let's go back to that moment, to this city.
So here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were protesting a change.
This is the fall of 1989 . Imagine if all these people gathered that they're looking for a change, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
Who has a cell phone here?
Get them up.
Raise your cell phones, pick up your mobile.
Get them up . An Android, a Blackberry, a Blackberry.
It's a lot . Almost everybody today has a cell phone.
But today I'm talking about me, my mobile phone, and how I changed life.
I talk about this.
These are 35 2003 lines.
Brilliant data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of the E.U . commission, the E.U . Commission presented a directive.
The data presentation directive.
This director says that every European telephone company, every Internet province from all over Europe, has to store a broad range of information from users.
Who calls who . Who sends an email to who.
Who sends a text to who.
And if we use the cell phone, where we are.
All this information is stored by at least six months, and even two years, in their phone company or the Internet supply.
And all around Europe, people stood up and said,``We don't want this . ''
They said they didn't want this data presentation.
We want the self-determination in the digital age, and we don't want the phone to do, and the Internet providers store all this information on us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests, all said,``We don't want this . ''
And here you can see about 10,000 people who went out to the streets of Berlin and said,``Freedom, I don't fear . ''
And some even said that this would be the Stage 2.0.
The status was the secret police of East Germany.
And I also wondered if this works really.
Can you store all this information about us?
Any time I use the phone?
So I asked my phone, Deseaming Telescope, who was the largest telephone company in Germany, who please sent me all the information that they had about me.
I asked them once, and I went back to them, and I didn't get a concrete answer . It was blah, blah.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you are prototyping my life.
So I decided to start a court demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Scott Telescope said no, we won't give you this information.
At the end we signed an agreement.
I would remove demand and they would send me the information I asked.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional tribunal failed the institution for the German law of the E.U.
So I got this ugly thing on brown with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
Tribe and five thousand dollars of information lines.
At first I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge file . Okay.
But after a while, I realized it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little bit skeptical: what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I step the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to go out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what data retention means.
So, next to Ze Online and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a six-year-old visualization of my life.
You can zoom up and go back and forth and forwards.
You can see every step I give.
And you can see how I go from Franklin in train to colony, and what often I call in the journey.
This is all possible with this information.
That's a little scary.
But it's not only about me.
But of all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talk a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they call each other.
And then you call the other, and each other, and we end up with this great network of communications.
You can see how people communicate each other to what hour they call each other, what time they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the group leaders.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who speaks to who, who sends an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and even two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets in Berlin, in the 1980s, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
And the State had known who participated in this protest, and if the State had known who the leaders were, it would never have happened.
The Berlin Wall might never have happened.
And, in consequence, neither of the City's Court.
Because today, state agencies and companies want to store as much information of us as possible inside and out of the Web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want to store them forever.
But the self-determination and living in the digital age is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for self-determination.
You have to fight that every day.
When they come home to tell their friends that privacy is a 21st-century value, and it's not moved.
When you go home, tell your representatives that only because companies and state agencies can store some information, they don't have to.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, which information is stored from you.
So in the future, every time you use your cell phones that you're serving them to remember you have to fight for self-determination in the digital age.
Thank you.
Hello TEDWomen, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TEDWomen, what happens?
I'm called May Zouke and I'm not drunk, but I know the doctor that brought me into the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, supporting the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have brain palsy, so I shake all the time.
Look . Look.
It's exhausting.
And Muhammad Ali.
The P C. is not genetic.
It's not contagious, and it cannot contract.
Nobody write my mother's uterus and I didn't contract it because my parents were brothers, even though they are.
I only went through accidents, like the one that happened at birth.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration.
It feels bad for me, because at some point of life, they've wanted to be disabled.
Come on.
Carding of Christmas, they're in the mall, they drive in circles in search of parking, and what do you see?
16 empty places for disabled.
And they think,``God, can I be at least a little disabled? ''
In addition, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and X C. is just one of them.
There was a smell of oppression, I would win the gold medal.
I'm Palestinian, Muslim, woman, disabled and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should.
I'm from Parkinson Park, in New Jersey.
I always loved that my neighborhood and my disease had the same principles.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, it could.
A lot of people with brain palsy don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the``can't . ''
The mantra of my father was,``You can do it; dancing song . ''
If my three older sisters cleaned, I cleaned.
If my three older sisters went to public school, my parents gave the school system and they made sure that I was also, and if we didn't take all the maximum notes we all received my mother's shoes.
My father taught me to walk at the age of five years putting my heel on their feet and just walking.
Another technique that I used was to hang a dollar in front of me to pursue it.
The structure that I took inside was very strong and ...
Yes . The first day in the kindergarten garden walked like a boxing champion that has received many hits.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city, and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabs, and they're still all of the family . I think nobody realized that we were not Italian.
This was before 9/11 and that politicians would think appropriate to use Muslims as a campaign motto.
The people I grew up with had no problems with my faith.
However, it seemed to worry about a lot that died in hunger during the branch.
I was telling you that I had enough fat to live three whole months without eating, so I would help from dawn to attack is very easy.
He danced in Broadway.
Yes, in Broadway . It's crazy . My parents couldn't afford the physical therapy, so I was sent to dance school.
I learned to dance with heels, so I can walk with heels.
I'm from New Jersey, and we want to be a kid, so if my friends were using heels, I also.
And when my friends were going to pass summer vacation on the coast of Jersey, I didn't go.
I spent my summers in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we didn't go back to Palestine every summer, we would become Madonna.
In summer vacation often, my father was trying to meet me, so I drink the deer milk, and they put hot cups on my back, I was immersed in the Dead Sea, and I remember the water burned my eyes and I thought,``It works, it works! ''
But the miracle cure was the yoga.
I have to say that it's very boring, but before I do yoga, it was a waterfall that couldn't stand up.
And now I can stand in my head.
My parents reinforced this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be on the General Hospital television.
I went to college through positive discrimination, and I got a scholarship for the United States, University of the State of Arizona, because I went in all the courses.
It was like the pet lamp of the theater department.
Everybody loved me.
I did all the least intelligent tasks, I took the maximum note in my classes, and also in their classes.
Every time I did a scene of the crystal zoo, my teachers cried.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the United States decided to do a work called Daniel very slow in Jackson.
It's a work of a girl with brain palsy.
I was a girl with brain palsy.
So I started screaming the four winds,``In the end, I'll have a role!
I have brain palsy!
At the end . At the end.
Thank God all-powerful, I'm free! ''
I didn't get paper . They gave Edward Brown.
I went to increase running to the director of the theater department, crying historically, as if somebody had killed my cat, asking why and she told me that because she said, because they believed I couldn't do the risk stunts.
And I said,``Excuse me, if I can't do risk stunts, you can't do the character . ''
It was a role that was literally born and gave it to an actress without brain palsy.
The university was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a waste history of adding actors without disability for disabled roles.
When I graduated, I went home, and my first machine tour was like extra in a technology.
My dream became true.
And I knew that it would be``companion"to``better friend friend"in a sanctity.
Instead, I stayed there as a vase, I didn't see me more than the neck, and it was obvious to me that the reports directors didn't hire fat, white actors, disability.
They just hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching White Goldberg, Ronald Barry, Ellen, and all these women had a common thing: they were comedian.
That's why I became a humor.
In my first tour, I took famous comics from New York to New Jersey, and I would never forget the face of the first cartoon that I took when I fell in the face that I was at high speed by the New Jersey highway with a driver that had brain palsy.
I worked in clubs across the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, no censorship and no veil.
Some people say that I am the first monopoly in the Arab world.
I never like to reclaim the first place, but I know you never heard that little unpleasant rumor that says that women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother's brother and father, Dean Oliver, and I launched the New York City Festival Festival Festival, now in his 10 year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the presidential media, and at the same time remind them to the repertoire directors that South Asia and Arabic are not synonymous.
Interplating Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of the stigma stigma.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I was like invited to the cable news program in the wire with Keith Oliver.
I walked into a graduation dance, they dragged me to a study and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the principal, and I said,``Excuse me, can you give me another chair? ''
She looked at me and said,``Five, four, three, two . ''
And we were live!
So I cling to the desk's desk to not come out of the screen during the segment, and when I finished the interview, I was pale.
At the end I had my opportunity, and I did it.
But not only Mr. Oliver came back to invite me, but I was like a full-time participant and pasted my chair.
One fun thing that I learned in directly with Keith Oliver was that people on the Internet are scum.
It's said that kids are cruel, but they never got bored from me or any greater.
Suddenly, my disability on the Internet became a barbaric object.
I saw clips online with comments like,``Why is it? ''
\" Is it delayed?? ''
And my favorite:``Poor Buddhist terrorist.
What disease does it have?
We really should be praying for it . ''
A comment suggested even to add my disability to my rsum: guidance, comedian, paranoid.
disability is as visual as race.
If someone in a wheelchair can't make Beijing, then Benki can't make someone in a wheelchair.
The disabled are the -- Yes, clap, man . Go.
The disabled are the largest minority in the world, and the most striking world in the entertainment world.
The doctors said not walking, but I'm here in front of you.
However, to have grown up with the media, I don't think I was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and in everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would be less hatred on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all the society to teach our kids.
My total journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I got to walk through the red carpet flooded by the divine of the Susan Locked Telescope, and the club Gertrude Arbbot.
I got to act in a movie with Adam Sandrosmis and work with my idol, the incredible Dave Matthews.
The world is running the world by saying``Arabs have become crazy . ''
I was delivered by the great state of New Jersey in the CDC of 2008.
And I founded``The Children of Mass ,"a charity, to give kids refugee refugee kids, a little bit of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me live in live, and I dedicated this talk to his memory.
( Audience descent, Dad] [Death.
I call myself May Zouke, and if I can, you can also.
I'd like to tell you a story about a little boy of a small village.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
It lives in a small town in South America.
This town is near Mogadishu.
The drought pushes the small town to poverty and on the brink of the flooding.
With nothing for him there, it goes to the great city, in this case, Moonixha, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there are no opportunities, no work, no future perspective.
He ended up living in a tent in the city outside Moonixha.
After maybe a hot year, nothing.
One day is about a gentleman that offers him to lunch, after dinner, to breakfast.
He knows a dynamic group of people who give him a waste.
It gets a little bit of money so that you buy new clothes, money to send home, your family.
He presented to a young man.
It's finally home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life goal.
A beautiful day in Mogadishu, under a blue sky, a bomb car.
That child in that small village with dreams of the great care was suicide bombers, and that dynamic group of people were to the Shabaab, a terrorist organization connected to al Qaeda.
So, how is the story of a little boy in a small town trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end with him immersive?
He was waiting.
I was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start their future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing that came.
This was the first thing that took it out of what we call``waiting period . ''
And their story repeats in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of marginalized urban young people who are unemployed riots in Johannesburg, disappeared riots in London, who seek something beyond the waiting period.
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity, of jobs, of well-being, but young people don't participate in their cities.
It's often the youth that suffers from the highest rates of unemployment.
By 2030, three in five people who live in cities will be less than 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities, the history of the waiting period, the door of access to terrorism, to violence, to gangs, will be the history of cities 2.0.
And in my birth city, Mogadishu , 70 percent of young people are unemployed.
70 percent doesn't work, don't go to school.
They do nothing practically anything.
I went back to Mogadishu last month, and I went to visit the Madrid Hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember being in this hospital hostile, thinking,``What if I would never have gone? ''
What if I had been forced to be in that same waiting period?
Would I have become terrorists?
I'm not really sure of the answer.
The reason I was in Mogadishu that month was actually to force some juvenile leaders in a business.
I joined about 90 Somali juvenile leaders.
We sat down and we had a rain of ideas about the solutions to the big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Adam.
He went at the University of Mogadishu, graduated.
There was no work, no opportunity.
I remember when he told me, that because he was a graduate university, unemployed, frustrated, was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited.
They were looking for people like him.
But this story takes a different path.
In Mogadishu, the biggest obstacle to get from the point A to B are the streets.
Fifty years of civil war have completely destroyed the glass system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to move.
Adam saw an opportunity, and I did it.
It started a motorcycle company.
It started rent motorcycles to local residents who couldn't normally buy them.
He bought 10 motors, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of motors for the next three years.
Why is this story different?
What does it do to this different story?
I think your ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the corporate spirit, and I think the corporate spirit can be the most powerful tool against the waiting period.
It empowers young people to be the creators of economic opportunities that are so desperately looking for.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attending one of my meetings, Mohammed Mohamed, a florist.
I was helping to train some of the young people in the top of the business initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Mogadishu has seen in over 22 years, and until recently, until Mohamed came, if you wanted flowers for your wedding, we were a plastic sent from the foreigners.
If you asked someone,``When was the last time you saw fresh flowers? ''
For those who grew up during civil war, the answer would be,``Never . ''
So, Mohamed saw an opportunity.
It started a business of landscapes and flower design.
He created a farm outside of Mogadishu, and he started growing tunas and maggots, which he said, could survive the hard weather of Mogadishu.
And it started the delivery of flowers for weddings, creating gardens in the houses, and the city companies, and now it's working on the creation of the first public park in Mogadishu in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Mogadishu.
He wants to create a space where families, young people, can go together, and, like he says, smell the proverbial rose.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So, the first step is inspiring young people, and in that room, the presence of Mohamed had a really profound impact on young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for an NGO, working for government, but their story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
I forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunities.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs, they could be artifacts of change.
By the end of the day, they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They signed business solutions for local problems.
So, inspired young people and create a culture of corporate spirit is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas true.
They need experience and guidance to guide them in development and post their business.
They connect young people with the resources that they need, the support that they need to move from conception to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, corporate spirit is something else to start a business.
It's creating a social impact.
Mohamed is not just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His Peace Park, which is how he calls it, when he's created, transforms the way people see their city.
Adam hired the street kids to help rent rent and keep the engines for him.
He gave them the opportunity to escape the paralysis of the``waiting period . ''
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is: turn young people into entrepreneurs, they refuse and feed their inherent innovation, and they will have more stories about flowers and parks of peace that self-controlled and``waiting periods . ''
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to camping with my dad in the Arabic Mountains, an airline area north of the state of New York.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest forest.
The sun made the leaves glow as a virtual, and not to be the way we followed, we almost can pretend that we were the first human beings to put that land.
We got to our camp.
He was a confidence in a very beautiful criminal lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the coverage there was a trash, about four square meters with apples of apples of aluminum paper, and old hot paper.
And I was upset, I was very angry and incredibly confused.
The chimps that were too lazy to take out what they had brought, who thought he was going to clean their trash?
That question followed with me, and it felt a little bit.
Who cleaned our trash?
No matter how organic or where they put the``ours ,"who cleaned our trash in Istanbul?
Who cleaned our trash in Rio or Paris or London?
Here in New York, the Department of Health clean our trash, at 11 thousand tons of waste and two thousand tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to know as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What do you feel to use the uniform and take that burden?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the trucks and walked through their tracks and interviewed people in office office and installations across the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an intruder.
I needed to go further.
So I started working as a garbage collection.
Now I didn't just travel in trucks . I would drive them.
And he operated the mechanical benches and the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
Everybody asks about smell.
It's there, but it's not as powerful as they believe, and in the days that it's very strong, you're rapidly used.
It costs a lot to use weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies continued to adjust the weight of taking on their body tons of garbage every week.
There's also the danger.
According to the Bureau of Labor statistics, waste collection is one of the most dangerous occupation of the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and entering the traffic all day, and they're going on around you.
They just want to go, so in general the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for the worker.
And also the trash itself is full of dangers that often fall out of the truck and cause terrible damage.
I also learned about the relentless of garbage.
When you go out of the skull and you see a city from the back of the truck, you can understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
He never stops coming.
It's also as a form of breath or circulation.
It's always going to be moving.
And there's also the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I believe strongly that waste collectors are the most important workforce in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They're the first public health protector.
If you don't get rid of the waste in efficient and effective ways every day, this starts to get rid of your container and your inherent dangers threaten us in very real ways.
Disease that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back and start dancing.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old, we don't have space for the new thing that the motors in the economy start failing when it's in danger . .
I'm not advocating for capitalism, just pointing its relationship.
And then there's what I call our average daily speed.
I mean simply at the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time.
We usually don't worry, we don't repair, clean or take us with our coffee cup, our bag of sending, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them up, we forget about them, because we know that there is a force force on the other side that will be taken out of it.
So today I want to suggest to you today a couple of ways of thinking about the collection of waste that maybe help reduce stigma and bring them into that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
His job, I think, is almost literal.
They're in the street every day, rhythmic.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when you expect them.
And their work allows us to do ours.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us leave us except for ourselves, of our own waste, our deserts, and that flow is always staying in one way or another.
One day after September 11th , 2001, I heard the graduate of a residential truck collection truck on the street, I grabbed my little son and I went down the stairs running, and there was a man doing their paper recycled journey as I did all the Wednesday.
And I tried to thank you for doing their work that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and he just nodded, and he said,``We're going to be fine.
We're going to be okay . ''
Shortly after that, I began to research the collection of waste, and I went back to see that man.
It's called Palmy, we worked together many times, and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Pauling was right.
We're going to be fine.
But in our efforts to reconcile the way we exist on this planet as a species, as a species, we need to include and have in account all costs, even the very real human cost of the labor hand.
The municipal waste, what we think when we talk about garbage, represent three percent of the amount of waste of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistic.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next ones that see someone whose job is to clean the garbage of you, take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to tell you so much.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life by making part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from conditions and local traditions.
I bring two recent projects today as an example of this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that the different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the final work of architecture.
The first example began with an invitation to design a commercial center of several stories in Ethiopia capital, Addis Ababa.
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example, to my team and me, about what we had to design.
At first, the first thing I thought was,``I want to come out . ''
After seeing some of these buildings, there are many in the city we realized that there are three important aspects to highlight.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very big stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to use a lot of energy because the criticism with crystals generates heat inside, so you need a lot of cooling.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's about a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees throughout the year.
And thirdly, it has nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia.
It's a shame by trying to be so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, I was really qualified with the ancient market, which is this structure of the free air where thousands of people, go and buy things every day to small marketers.
There is also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that's what I really wanted to design, not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a modern building, from several stories, applying these principles.
The next challenge was presented to the site, which is located in an area of much growth in the city, where a lot of the buildings that we now see in the image, didn't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of meters.
So the first thing we did was we created a connection between these two streets, using all the entries of the building.
And this extends with an unfinished atrium that creates a space in the open air in the building that are alternative, by its own form, from sun and rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes on each floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do we close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that responded to local climate conditions.
And I got to think of a tissue similar to a motor shell with markets to allow the input of the air, and also from light, but in a filtered way.
Then we inspired ourselves in these beautiful buttons of the establishment.
They have the properties of fractal geometry, and this helped me model the facade.
We're building that with these little predatory pieces that are the windows that let the air happen and light in a controlled way inside the building.
This is filled with these little crystals of colors that use the light inside of the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas, it wasn't easy to convince developers because they thought,``That's not a commercial center . It's not what we asked . ''
But we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the mall, because at the end of the trade, there were more local to sell.
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic, not only because of the material compared to glass, but also because it was no longer needed to have any air conditioning.
So we got certain savings in the budget that we used to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy automation for the building in a city where electricity cuts almost every day.
So we got a big advantage putting photographers on the roof.
And then under those panels, we thought about the roof as a new public space with areas of gathering and bars that would create this urban oasis.
And these patches on the roof, which is in a set of water for the sanitation of the interior.
It's expected for the principles of the next year, because we're going on the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master of 2,000 apartments and services in Tunisia City.
And to do a big project, the greatest project I had designed, needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also its environment, its tradition and culture.
During that analysis, I put special attention in the measure, a 1,000 years of antique that was surrounded by a wall with a dozen access doors connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation we did was to expand existing streets, creating 12 similar blocks in size and features that there are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards.
In addition to that, we select some strategic points in relation to the idea of the doors interconnected with straight lines, and this modified the initial model.
And the last operation was to think about the cell, the small cell of the project, like apartment, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the Mediterranean climate?
And it's north, because it creates a thermal difference between the house and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we set up a scheme that ensure that most apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that is almost like a combination of the European block and Arab city.
It has these blocks with batteries, and then in the low plant we have all the connections for pedestrians.
And it also responds to local norms that establish greater density in the upper levels and a lower density on the low plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of the doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project, is almost how to return to community the space occupied by construction.
It's where all the neighbors, they can go up and sound, and do activities like running a two miles a morning, or jump from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's lives changes to communities and local economies at the same rate that they grow.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at simple architecture, but affordable solutions, that improve the relationship between community and environment, and they have as a goal to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl entered our class . It was so remarkable, as you see all the new girls.
He had huge amounts of hair very bright, and a small staircase of pencils, cute . It was strong enough for the states of the states, very good for orthodoxy.
I ended that year and I was full of jealousy, until I took my sinister plan.
One day I got a while after the school of school . It was a little bit late and I hid in the girls' bathroom.
When the coast was cleared, I went out, I walked into the classroom, I took my teacher's table.
And then I did.
I alter the ratings of my rival, just a little bit, just some.
All of them . And I went back to the book to the crate, but to see, some of my other partners had very good grades too.
So in a frenzy, it runs the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put it to all of them, and I did a row of that, just for being there, because I could ...
I still wonder what I did.
I don't understand how the idea arose.
I don't understand why I felt good doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never caught me.
It was that everything was hopelessly obvious.
They never discovered me.
But especially, I got rid of the reason why I was bothered that this little girl, so small, was so good for orthodoxy.
I'm intrigued by the jealousy.
They're so mysterious and so pregnant.
We know that babies suffer from jealousy.
The primates . The blue birds are very likely.
We know that the jealousy is the number one cause of spouse killings in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that analyze loneliness, or the long duration or the sadness.
So, you have to go to fiction, because novels are like the lab in which the jealousy is studied in all of their possible forms.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there were no jealousy, there would be no literature.
Well, there would be no Helvetica, no``Odysseus . ''
There would be no jealous king, and``The thousand and a nights . ''
There would be no Shakespeare.
They disappeared at the high school reading list, because we would be losing``The Noise and the Furnace ,"there would be no``Gates"or``Party ."We'd lose from``Madame Bob"and``Anna K . ''
Without jealousy, there's no Project . I know it's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything, and in terms of the jealousy, almost you all.
This year, it's 100 years of his master's labor,``In seeking the lost time ,"the most comprehensive study of sexual jealousy and also the ordinary competition, mine, everything we could have . And thinking about Proust, we have the sentimental details, right?
We think of a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a human humanity in you of washing.
We forgot how hard that image is.
We forget how unlikely it is.
I mean, it's books that Virginia Wool said were as hard as cat clothes.
I don't know what the cat bow is, but we assume it's super super.
Let's see why they go so well together, the novel and the jealousy, the jealousy and the Project.
Is it going to be very obvious, like the jealousy, which are reduced to the person, their desire, their impediments, are a good narrative basis?
I don't know . I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel cells.
When we feel cells, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
By being storytellers and audience, we know exactly what details to include, to wash the knife, right?
The cells are making all amateur novels, and that's something that Proust understood.
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give me pleasure to another, maybe right now . ''
And it starts saying to himself that story, and since then, Proust says that every fresh charm that Sheila detects in his lover, he adds him to his collection of torture instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that Shake and Proust, they were new celebrates.
You know, Project's boyfriend would have to abandon the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so jealous to recognize that it's hard work . Right?
The jealousy is exhausting.
It's a hungry emotion . You have to feed it.
And how are the jealousy??
The cells are nurtured from information.
The cells use the details.
The jealousy likes the big quantities of bright hair and the nice and small string of pencils.
The jealousy is nurtured from photos.
So that's why Instagram is so successful . He Proust links well the academic language with the jealousy of jealousy.
When Sheila is in his jealousy agony, suddenly he heard behind the doors and bribery to the servers of their lover, so they define those behaviors.
He says,``Look, I know that this is revolting, but it's not different than the interpretation of an old text or to look at a memorial . ''
He says,``These are scientific research with real intellectual value . ''
Now, Proust is trying to prove that the jealousy is seen, and they make us seem absurd, but in their mind, they're search of knowledge, search of truth, a real painful truth . In fact, what Proust is aware of, the more painful the truth, the better.
Pain, humiliation, loss: These were the pathways to the wisdom of Proust.
He says,``A woman to whom we need, that makes us suffer, causes a range of feelings much deeper and vital than a wise man that can be interested in us . ''
Is it telling us that we're going to look for cruel women?
No . I think it's trying to say that the jealousy revealed us to ourselves.
And is there any other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion revealed by our definition, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that taught us to look at such peculiar intensity??
Freud wrote about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a very restless young man who was consumed with the idea that his wife would deceive it.
And Freud says there was something weird in that man, who didn't look at what his wife did.
Well, she was innocent; everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause.
But he looked for things that his wife did, without realizing, involuntary behaviors.
Does it smile too much, or do you accidentally laugh with a man?
Freud says that the man was becoming the author of the unconscious of his wife.
The novels are very good at this.
novels describe very well how the jealousy makes us look with intensity, but without accuracy.
In fact, the more intensely we are, the more we become residents of fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, the jealousy leads us to make violent or illegal acts.
The jealousy is pushing us to behave in totally invasive ways.
Now I'm thinking about me at age eight, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story I heard in the news.
A woman of Michigan from 52 years old was captured by having created a fake account on Facebook from which it was sent, horrible to itself, for a year.
For one year . A year.
She was trying to instill the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend, I have to trust that when or this, react with admiration.
Because, let's be realistic.
What huge, though unfortunate, creativity . Right?
It's like novel.
It's kind of like a Nigerian Patrick novel.
High is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
It's the``strangers in a train"and``The Talk Mr. Italian ,"books that are trying to make the jealousy, confine our minds, and once we're in the sphere, in the realm of the jealousy, the membrane that separates what it might be, can be drilled in an instant.
Take Tom Ricausa, his most famous character.
Tom Iranian is going to want to want, or want what you have to take on your own self, and I'm going to be aware of what you ever had, and it's under the floor . It responds to your name, it takes your rings, empty your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take Tom Rice's route.
I can't give you all the world, as much as sometimes I want to.
It's a pity, because we live in times of envy.
We live in times of jealousy.
I mean, we are good citizens of social networks, where the currency is envy, right?
The novels show us the output? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when they're not sure, when they're before a mystery.
Let's go to Baker Street and ask by Sherman Holmes.
When people think about Hollywood, you think about the encouraging curse in the Mozart Professor, that criminal genius.
But I've always preferred [to] [to] the Institute] Lesiader, the head face of Scratch Yared, who needs Hollons desperately, needs the Higgs genius, but it bothers him.
Oh, it sounds so familiar.
Lesbian needs its help, but the resilient, and the bubbles with bitterness in each of the mysteries.
But as they work together, something starts changing, and finally in``The Average of The Simple Nobels ,"once Homo comes into, demographics everybody with his solution, Lesterland comes back to Holly and says,``We're not jealous, Mr. Holmes.
We're proud of you . ''
And it tells you that there is no person in Scratch Yared who didn't want to shake your hand.
It's one of the few times that we see Homo trapped in history . I think this very emotional . That scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the jealousy as a geometry problem, without emotion.
You know, in a minute, Hollywood is on the opposite side of Lesterland.
The next minute, they're the same side.
Suddenly, Lesterland is allowed to admire that idea of being him.
Could it still be so simple?
What if the jealousy is really a issue of geometry, just a question of where we allow ourselves to be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to get rid of the greatness of the other.
We can align us with it.
But I like the contingency plans.
So as we wait for that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction to celebrate.
Only the fiction demonstrates the jealousy.
The fiction used to use the domesticated, you invited them to the table.
And look at what a group: the Lesterleam Dulie, the Tarahumara Tahrir, the Scandin Sunday, the same Marcel Proust.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21 , 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the Apollo 11 of Apollo 11, and it was on the Sargasso Sea.
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone, but their presence in the green surface gray was the culmination of a collective collective process.
The Apollo program was the biggest movement in peace times in the U.S. history.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave work to about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
People died, including the crew of Apollo 1.
But before the Apollo program finished , 24 men traveled to the moon.
Twelve walked on its surface, which Alexident after Armstrong's death last year is now the oldest.
So why were they?
They didn't bring a lot of it back : 38 pounds of old rocks, and something that 24 pounds later, a new sense of the small and fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical response is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviets, that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at the University of Rice in 1962 give us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy: Some questions, why does moon?
Why turn it into our goal?
And they could also ask, why scale the highest mountain?
35 years ago, why will fly about the Atlantic?
Why does Rice play with Texas?
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're difficult.
Jason Point: For contemporary, the Apollo was not just one victory of the West on East War.
At the time, the strongest emotion was to wonder the transcendence of the powers of technology.
They were because it was great to do that.
The landing in the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological triumph.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and plane, penicillin and vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, the police was eradicated, and it eliminated smallpox.
Technology seemed to be about what Alvin Swandhan in 1970 called``acceleration force . ''
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse, or a ship with candle, but in 1969, Apollo 10 is worth 40,000 miles.
Since 1970, no human has come back to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than the crew of Apollo 10, and the joy of technology about the power of technology has been evaporated to see that the problems that we imagine that technology will solve how to go to Mars, create clean energy, cure cancer, or feed the world's population seem to have intractable results.
I remember seeing the Apollo 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that he didn't look at the escape tube of the Saturn V rocket.
I knew that this would be the last big mission, but I was completely sure that I would come to see the colonies on Mars.
So that,``Something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology ,"has become a common place.
We heard it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here at TED.
It seems like the technologists had been distracted to us and being enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhones, apps and social networks, or algorithms that accelerate the automated sale.
There's nothing wrong with most of these things.
They have expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There is a parish explanation in Silicon Valley, who is confident that they've created less ambitious companies than those of the years in which Intel were funded, Microsoft, Apple and Gene.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the guilty, in concrete, the incentives that venture capitalists offer entrepreneurs.
Silicon Valley says that the reverse risk investment is changing the creation of transformative ideas by funding incredible or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It's mostly wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when venture capitalists were at their local point without worrying about risk, they preferred small investments, tiny investments that they could go out in 10 years.
The CDs have always had problems to invest with benefit in technologies as a energy, which need a huge capital and whose development is long-term . They have never invested in developing technologies, and they have never invested in developing technologies because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes we choose not to solve big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
We won't go to Mars because everybody thinks that there are more important things than doing on Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar, wind and biofuels, less than two percent, and the reason is completely economic.
Carbon and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind energy, and oil is cheaper than the biofuels.
We want alternative energy sources that can compete in price . They don't exist.
Now, technologists, entrepreneurs and economists agree about what policies and international treaties will understand the development of alternative energy, mostly, a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of the coal price.
But there is no hope in the current political climate that we'll see a U.S. energy policy or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes, the big problems that seem to be technological, it turns out not to be.
We know for a while that famine is result from failure in food repair.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famine are political crisis that affect food distribution.
Technology can improve things like harvest or systems for storage and food repair, but there will be famine while there were bad governments.
Finally, big problems sometimes fight a solution because we don't really understand the problem.
President Nixon declared the war to cancer in 1971, but soon we discovered that there are many kinds of cancer, some terribly resistant residents to treatment, and only in the last 10 years, they seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
The hard problems are difficult.
It's not true that we can't solve problems with technology.
We can and we should, but these four elements have to be present: political leaders and population should want to solve the problem; institutions should support the solution; it has to really be a technological problem, and we should understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems, I've got those criteria.
But it's an unhealthy model in the future.
We're not in 1961.
There is no gravitational competition as in the Cold War, there's no policy like John Kennedy who heroic how difficult and dangerous, and there is no popular mythology of science fiction to explore the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
It was just three days.
And really, I wasn't even solving any problem.
We are alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we're not missing the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start by reading you the widespread ideas that you have about trust.
They're so common that they have become cliche in our society.
I think they're three.
The first one is a claim: there's been a great decline of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second is a goal: we should have more trust.
And the third one is a task: we should recover trust.
I think the joy, the goal and the task have been wrong.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a rectangle, a goal and a task, which I think gives a more clear idea about the topic.
The first thing: why do people think that trust has diminished?
And if I think about it about my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I'm encouraged to think that it may have declined in some activities or institutions, and it could have increased in others.
I don't have it clear.
But I can turn to the surveys of opinion, and the opinion surveys are supposedly the source of the belief that trust has declined.
When you look at the surveys of opinion over time, there are no evidence of it.
I mean, the people who were described 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same mistrust.
And the people who were very reliable 20 years ago are still quite reliable: judges, nurses.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen of the street is almost exactly halfway in half.
But is this enough evidence?
What the surveys of opinion are recorded are, of course, opinions.
What else can you register?
What you see is generic attitudes that people manifest when you ask certain questions.
Trust the politicians? Trust teachers?
Now, if somebody asked you,``Do you trust the vegetables?
Trust the fishermen?
Do you trust primary teachers? ''
You probably start to ask,``To make what? ''
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you could say, when you've answered your question,``Well, I trust some, but in others . ''
What's very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to advocate trust differently.
We don't assume that the level of trust we're going to feel for a certain type of official, or function or kind of person, is going to be uniform in every case.
I could, for example, say I trust a certain primary teacher that I know to give you the kind of reading, but no way to drive school microbes.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my most local friend to keep a conversation, but not, maybe, to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is differentiated, why do we leave all that knowledge when we think about trust in a more abstract way?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the true level of real trust, because they try to bridge the good judgment in fact to trust something or someone.
Second, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I will chase.
I would aim to have more confidence in what it is, but not in what it is not.
Ultimately, I'm a believer of not trusting what it is not reliable.
And I think that those people who are supporting their savings with the very closely called Mr. Madoff, who then disappeared with them, I think about them, and I think, yes, they were too confident.
Having more trust is not an intelligent goal in this life.
It's trust or denied with intelligence, that's the right goal.
Once you say it, you say, yes, it's worth, that means that what matters in the first place is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What's about making a judgment about how trustworthy people are in certain ways.
And I think that to be able to make a judgment, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competent? Are they honest? Are they responsible?
And if you find that one person is competent in the relevant materials, and it's responsible and honest, then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be worthy of trust.
But if, in contrast, they're not responsible, we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competent and honest, but not trust them to take a letter to the mail, because they are forgotten.
I have friends who are very sure they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competition.
And I'm happy to say I think I don't have many friends who are competent and responsible, but extremely dishonest.
If it's so, I still haven't allowed me.
But that's what we're looking for: trustworthiness before that trust.
Trust is the answer.
Confidence is what we have to judge.
And, of course, it's hard.
In the last decades, we've tried to build accountability systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and so on, that made us easier to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a couple, and he said,``Well, you'll see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the administrative paper than to attend the game itself . ''
And we found the same problem in all of our public life, and institutional, that the accountability system that is destined to ensure trustworthiness and trust testing, is actually doing the opposite.
What they do is they're difficult to work the work of people who have to do hard tasks, like partners, demanding them that``kill the boxes ,"as we say.
I'm sure all of you know similar examples.
Everything, all of that, by the goal.
I think the goal should be more reliable, and that things would be different if we tried to be trusted, and we would convey to the people that we are reliable and if we try to determine whether other people or officials or politicians are trust.
It's not easy . It's judgment, simple actions, attitudes, which is not properly done.
Third, the task.
calling the task to rebuild trust, it puts things back up.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can rebuild the trustworthiness a little bit.
We can do it if it's two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust, in definition, is distinctive because they give us other people.
You can't rebuild what other people have given you.
You have to give them the sufficient bases so you can trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't deceive, usually, to all people, all the time.
But also, you have to be able to make fantastic evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do it?
That's done every day, everywhere, it does the common people, the officials, the institutions, very effectively.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I buy my socks is that I can give you back without giving explanations.
I take them and give me the money, or they change them by the color I want.
That's great . I trust them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a big lesson on that.
If you become vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust, and you have trust in what you're saying.
So, at the end, I think that what we're pointing on is not a very difficult thing to do.
What people trust is in relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
From the beginnings of computers, we've been working for reducing separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of the screen where imagination can be thrown.
This separation has been reduced, increasingly and more, to such a point that today is less than one millimeter, the thickness of the glass of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I wonder, if there were no barriers?
I started imagining what it would be.
First created this tool that comes into digital space, so that when the strong opposition against the screen transfers its physical body to pixels.
Designers can map their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen.
So, with this tool, the barriers broke.
But the two hands remain still out of the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using the entire dexterity of your hands?
In the discussion of Microsoft Sciences division, along with my mentor Cate Bollway, he redesigned the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital job area.
Communicating a visual bombsight with depth cameras to detect your fingers and face, you can now raise your hands from the keyboard, get inside of 3D space, and grab pixels directly with your hands.
Like windows and archives have a location in real space, select them is as easy as grab a book of a state.
You can set up the book and turn lines or words with virtual tactical sensor that's under every floating screen.
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with your hands.
In these examples, we go into the digital world.
What if we invest the papers and make the digital information come towards us?
Surely, many of us will have bought and back things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry.
What I have here is an online virtual test.
This is the vision you get from a mountains device in your head or translucent when the system understands your body geometry.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so we can touch them and feel them?
How would a future like this?
At the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Ishii and my collaborator Richard Post, we created this only physical pixel.
This spherical magnet behaves as a 3D pixel in space, which means that both the computer as users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space.
simplify, what we did was we analyzed gravity and controlling the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation, mechanical and detectors.
And when we digitally program the object, we release it from the constraints of time and space, which means that human movements can record and back back and stay forever in the physical world.
You can teach choices physically and distance and the famous shot of Michael Jordan can be reproduce as a physical reality, the times we want.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts as the movement of planets, physics, and unlike monitors or textbooks, this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel . It's very powerful.
But what's most fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is how to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information is not only going to show us something but to start acting directly about us as part of the physical world that surrounds us without we have to get rid of our world.
We started talking today about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that's left is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a filmmaker for two years in Hungary, China, in the '70s.
When I was in first grade, the government wanted to transfer to a school for athletes with all the payments.
But my mother tiger said,``No . ''
My parents wanted me to become engineering, like them.
After the Cultural Revolution, they believed strongly that there was only a close path towards happiness: a safe and well-being work.
No matter whether the job would like me or not.
But my dream was a Chinese opera singer.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer must start training from very young to learn the puzzles, so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school.
I even wrote to the school director and the present of a radio program.
But no adults would love the idea.
No adults took me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were kids, without authority, like me.
So at the age of 15, I knew it was too much greater to train.
My dream would never be done.
I feared, that during the rest of my life, a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire.
And this was so unfair.
So I solved looking for another vocation.
No one around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
I get the books.
[" Complete jobs"of Sangar ,"[" The lessons of The History"by Nan Huddy] I came to America in 1995, and what were the first books I read here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
\" The Good Earth"is about Chinese peasant life.
And it's not conventional propaganda . I understand.
The Bible is interesting, but odd.
That's a topic for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation:``honoring your father and your mother . ''
\" honor ,"I said,``It's so different, and much better than obey . ''
So it became my tool to come out of this confusing trap and to reset the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also led to my comparative reading habit.
A lot of perspectives.
For example, this map, for example, seemed like this, because this is what students in China learn.
I had never happened to me, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
Company reading is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are to research fields as comparable religion and comparative literature.
Compare and contrast, it offers the academics a deeper understanding of a topic.
And I thought that if the comparative reading worked for research, why not do it in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two.
They can be treated by the people'``Benjamin Franklin"by David McLuren ,"who were involved in the same shock, or friends with shared experiences.
For the Christ, the temptation is economic, political and spiritual.
For Buddha, they're all psychological: lust, fear and social duty -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
[" Capitol Tzu"Thomas Mars) [`` The Road's Road"] Instead of getting lost in translation, I found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through translation that I realized that``happiness"in Chinese literally means``fast joy ."Ha!
And``girlfriend"in Chinese, literally means``new mother . ''
The books opened me a magical door to connect with people in the past and the present.
I know that I'm not going to feel lonely or powerless.
Having a distributed dream really is nothing compared to what many others have suffered.
I've come to believe that the reaction is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that dreams come from, where passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
Even a destroyed dream can do that for you.
And it's because of the books, I'm here today, happy, living again with purpose and clearly, most of the time.
So, the books always affect them.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first psychology of psychotherapy.
I was a medical student in clinical psychology in Berkeley.
She was a 26th year-old woman called Alex.
Alex went into the first session using jeans and a dollar shop, he threw on the couch of my office, took off his shoes and said he wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so relieved.
My classmates had a pyramid as a first client.
And to me, I played a window that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the Christian stories that Alex brought to the sessions, it made me easy only to move the head while we broke the solution.
\" The '30s are the new 20s ,"Alex said, and so I saw, she was right.
You start working later, it's home after, you have kids later, to death, then it's later.
For veterans like Alex, and I was going on.
But soon after, my supervisor prepared me to press Alex to talk about her loving life.
I was resistant.
I said,``Of course, it's coming out with the guys underneath her category, it comes up with a hollow, but it's not like it's going to marry him . ''
And then my supervisor said,``No, but maybe it's married with the next one.
Also, the best moment to work in the marriage of Alex is before it's married . ''
This is what psychologists call a``Aha!"moment.
It was when I realized that the '30s are not the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what they were used, but this didn't make the parts of Alex were a pause in their development.
This made the top 20 of Alex the perfect moment and we were wasting it.
So I realized, this kind of benign recklessness was a real problem, and it had real consequences, not only for Alex and her loving life, but for the careers, the families and the future future of all sides.
There are 50 million vessels in America today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you consider nobody comes to adulthood without going on before the 1990s.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20s.
I want to see the vets here.
Oh yeah! They're incredible.
If you're working with vessels, you love a glass, you remove your dream a little bit, I want to see . It's okay . Amazing, you really matter.
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at 35.
This means that eight out of 10 decisions and experiences and moments,``Aha!"that shapes their life will have happened for when they have 30 and so many.
People from over 40, not in panic.
This audience is going to be fine, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on the amount of money they gain.
We know that more than half Americans are married, they live or they're coming out with their future partner at the age of 30.
We know that the brain ends its second and final growth stage in its 20s and represented for adulthood, which means that if there is something that you want to change themselves, now is time to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20s than at any time of life and we know that female fertility comes to its top at the age of 28, and things become complicated at 35.
The 20 are the moment to educate their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial to language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment in which his daily life and common life has a decomping impact in the person who will become.
But what we don't hear often is that there's something called adult development and our 20s are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the windows are listening.
newspapers talk about changes in the line of adulthood.
Researchers call the 20 anniversary adolescence.
journalists are running ridiculous names to the vets like``Tyranness"and``military . ''
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a triviality that is actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Bernstein said that to achieve big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it true?
What do you think happens when you give a penis in your head and say,``Do you have another 10 years to start your life? ''
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and their ambition, and it's absolutely nothing.
And then every day, smart glasses, interesting like you or your kids and daughters come to my office and say something like this:``I know my boyfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count . I'm just killing time . ''
Or they say,``Everybody says that while it starts a career before the 30, everything will be fine . ''
But then it starts to sound something like this:``My 20s are to end and I still have nothing to show.
I had better rsum the day I graduated from college . ''
And then it starts to sound something like this:``My quotes during the 1990s were like the game of the chairs.
They all run and fun, but then at some point around 30, the music turned off, and they all started sitting.
I didn't want to be the only one who would stay standing, so sometimes I think I married my husband, because he was the closest chair when I was 30.
Where are the vets here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little bit extreme, but not wrong, risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the '30s, there's a huge pressure in the 30s, and so many of us start a career, choose a city, choose a couple, and have two or three children in a much shorter period of time.
Many of these things are not compatible, and there are research that they start to show, which is much harder and stressful to do everything at the age of 30.
The medical age crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
Notice you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give a brother to your son.
A lot of three-dimensional and cancer people see themselves, and to me, sitting in the room, and they talk about their 20,``What was I doing? What was I thinking? ''
I want to change what the windows are doing and thinking.
Here's a story of how it might be.
It's a story about a woman called Emma.
At 25, Emma came to my office because I was, in his own words, having an identity crisis.
He said he would like to work in art or entertainment, but he still couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a waiter.
As it was cheaper, I lived with a boyfriend that showed more temperature than ambition.
And despite living in a few very difficult, their previous life had been even harder.
He was often crying in our sessions, but then he got up herself as she said,``You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends . ''
Well, one day Emma came up with his head on his legs and cried for almost all the hour.
He had just bought a new book for director, and he had spent all the morning by putting her with his many contacts, but then he looked at the empty space that followed after the words``Emergence, please call me...''
I was at the point of the story when she saw me and said,``Who's going to be to me if I have a car accident?
Who's going to care about if I give me cancer? ''
At that time, I became a lot of work to resist and not say,``I . ''
What Emma needed was not a therapy that really would worry.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was their opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit while the Emma decisive decade went ahead.
So, for the next weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all of a sudden, man or woman, deserves to know.
First, I told Emma that he would forget about that crisis crisis and get identity capital.
By capital capital, I mean to do something that add value to your person.
Do something that's an investment in what they want to be later.
I didn't know the future of Emma's career, and nobody knows the future of work, but I know this: identity capital generates identity capital.
So now it's the moment for that work on the other side of the country, of that interface, from that company that they want to try.
I'm not wasting the veterinary exploration, I'm wasting the exploration that I shouldn't count, which, by the way, is not exploration.
It's prostitution.
I told Emma that I would explore jobs and I would tell them.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are survival.
The best friends are great to take the airport, but the vets that are together with friends with similar minds are limited in terms of who they know, what they know, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person who comes out almost always comes from their nearest circle.
The new things come from what's called weak friends of friends of their friends.
Yes, half of the veterans have a bad job or don't have work.
But the other half no, and the weak links are the form of color to this group.
Half of the working jobs are never published, then, to meet the boss of your neighbor is how you get a nonprofit job.
It's not cheating . It's the science of how information is happening.
Finally, but not least, Emma thinks you don't choose your family, but I know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a reporter, Emma soon chose her family, when I had a mate and form their own family.
I told Emma that time to choose his family had come.
Maybe you think that the 30 is better age to feel head than the 20 or even 25 and I agree with you.
But choose to the person you live with now or you take you now when everybody on Facebook start walking towards the altar is not progress.
The best moment to work in your marriage is before you have it, and that involves being so intentional in love as you're at work.
Choice your family must be a conscious choice of who and what you want instead of just doing it work or kill your time with whoever you choose to you.
So what happened to Emma?
Well, we looked at that director, and she found the fourth of a cousin that worked in an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a job there.
That labor supply gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend that he lived with.
Now, five years later, it's special organization of events in museums.
This married with a man who chose consciously.
I love her new career, I love his new family, and I send a letter that said,``Now the emergency contacts are not big enough . ''
Emma's story may sound easy, but that's what I love to work with the windows.
It's very easy to help them.
The vets are like airplanes that come out of the Los Angeles airport, which go somewhere in the west.
Just before takeoff, a slight adjustments in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fiji.
In the same way, at the age of 21, at 25, even at 25, a good conversation, a good rest, a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next years or even in the next generations.
Here's my idea of spreading to all the vets you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex.
It's what now I have the privilege of telling viewers like Emma every day: Tree is not the new 20, they're their adulthood, they get identity capital, they use their weak ties, choose your family.
They don't let them define what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They are deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27, I left a very picky job in management consulting for a job that was even more picky: the doctor.
I went to teach them mathematics to seventh degrees in public schools in New York.
And as any teacher, I applied exams and testing.
I gave them tasks.
When the work comes back, I calculated the grades.
What I called the attention was that the C. wasn't the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of those who had a better performance did not have I.Q . scores.
Some of my smartest kids were not going so well.
And that got me thinking.
The kind of thing that you need to learn in mathematics in seventh grade, safe, are difficult: proportions, decisions, the area of a paradigm.
But these concepts are not impossible, and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough time.
After several years, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivation perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure in a better way.
It's the I.Q . But what if succeeding in school and in life depends on much more than the ability to learn quickly and easy?
So I left the classrooms and I went to college to become a psychologist.
I started studying kids and adults in all kinds of challenging scenarios, and in every study my question was, who's successful here and why??
My research team and I went to the military Academy West Point.
We're trying to predict what cars stay in military training and who will withdraw.
We went to the Department of Delie, and we tried to predict what kids are going to move on as far as possible in competition.
We studied novel teachers working in really hard neighborhoods, wondering what teachers will still be teaching for the end of the school year and those, who will be the most effective to improve the results of their students?
We partnered with private companies, asking, which of these marketers are going to keep their jobs??
And who's going to make more money??
In all those very different contexts, a feature arose as a very important success prediction.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good appearance, the physical health, and it wasn't the I.Q.
It was determination.
determination is passion and perseverance to achieve very long-term goals.
The determination is to have resistance.
The determination is to cling to its future, day after day, not only for the week, not just for the month, but for years and really work hard to make that future one reality.
The determination is to live life as if it was a marathon, not a race at all speed.
A few years ago, I started studying determination in the public schools in Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students to do my determination questionnaires, and then I waited about more than a year to see who they graduate.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly greater likely to graduate, even when I hit them in every feature that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized testing, even security they felt when they were in school.
So it's not only in West Point, or at the National Center in Delie where the determination matters, it's also in school, especially for kids in risk to abandon it.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know, how little it knows science about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me,``How do you develop determination in kids?
What should I do to teach kids a rich job of work?
How do you keep them motivated for the long term? ''
The most honest answer is: I don't know . what I know is that talent doesn't give you determination.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals who simply don't go ahead with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, determination is commonly not related or even related to talent measures.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing determination in kids is something called growth mindset.
This is a developed idea at Stanford University by Carol Dollward, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed, that it can change with the effort.
Dr. Dewey has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grow in response to challenge, they're much more likely to think about when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where my speech ends, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have ahead.
We need to take our best ideas, our stronger intuitions, and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they've been successful, and we need to be willing to fail, to wrong, to start all again with the lessons learned.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our kids more determined.
Thank you.
Growing up in Taiwan as the daughter of a calligraphy, one of my most stressed memories is my mother showing the beauty, the form and the figure of Chinese characters.
From that moment, I wonder about this incredible language.
But for a foreign, it seems as unlikely as the Great Wall China.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can melt this wall, so whatever you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language, I can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and quick method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I began to learn how to draw each of the traces of every single trade in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academic will understand 20,000 characters.
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow them to understand 40 percent of basic literature, enough to read transit signals, restaurant menus, understand the basic idea of websites or newspapers.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are they ready?
They open their mouth as much as possible until it's square.
Get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
People.
If the form of fire is a person with arms on both sides, as if I was shouting in a front way,``August! I'm burning!"This symbol actually is origami of the shape of the call, but I like to believe that it's the other way . The one that works.
This is a tree.
Tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The door symbol looks like a pair of doors in the old west.
I call radios to these eight characters.
They're building blocks to create many more characters.
A person.
If someone walks back, that's``follow . ''
As the ancient said, two are company, three are crowd.
If a person would be their arms, this person is saying,``It was that big . ''
The person inside the mouth, the person is trapped.
It's a prisoner, like Jones inside the whale.
A tree is a tree . Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, we have the foundations.
You put a mouth on the tree, that's an idiot . Easy to remember, because a parallel tree is pretty idiot.
Remember the fire?
Two fire fire together, it becomes very hot.
Three fire fire together, that's a lot of flames.
Put the fire under the two trees, that's burning.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two suns together, prosperous.
Three together, those are flashes.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the brightness.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and a night.
The sun comes out on the horizon . dawn.
A door . Put a table inside the door, it's the door of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
touches, played someone at home?
This person is coming out of a door, escaping, shrinking.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing.
Three women together, take care of it.
So we've already gone for almost 30 characters.
By using this method, the first eight radical will allow them to build 32.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with every small effort, they will be able to learn a couple of hundreds of different characters, which is the same thing as an eight-year-old Chinese.
So after knowing the characters, we started creating sentences.
For example, the mountain and fire together, we have a fire mountain . It's a volcano.
We know Japan is the land of the national sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin, because Japan is east of China.
So a sun next to the origin, we created Japan.
A person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left are two stacked mountains on the other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile, because Chinese employers were destroying their political enemies beyond mountains.
Today, exile has become out.
A mouth that tells you where to come out is a exit.
This is a slide to remember that I should stop talking and down from the stage . Thank you.
What I prefer to be a dad is the movies I come to see.
I love to share my favorite films with my kids -- when my daughter was four years old, we saw the Wizard of Oz together.
The movie dominated its imagination for months.
His favorite character was Globby, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic wand.
But when you see that movie so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
Now we live and raise our children in a kind of a kind of industrial field of child fantasy shows.
However, the Wizard magician was an event itself.
He didn't start that trend.
The trend really took a lot of years later with, curiously, another film whose protagonist, a metal guy and a filter guy rescued a young girl as a guard of enemy.
You know what I'm talking about? Yes.
There's a big difference between these two movies, there are a couple of different differences between the Wizard magician and all the movies that we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in the Wizard magician.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like apples.
But I think if the Wizard magician was done today, the magician would say,``Dorothy, you're the Olympic of Oz as the prophecy predicted . ''
You use magic shoes to defeat the computer-generated armies of the evil bubble.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing in the Wizard magician is that the most heroic, wiser characters are women.
I started noticing this when I made Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I had a son.
It's just three years.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the survival level had gone down . So, he was sliding in the room and he was impressed as a mom leg with his legs behind, and I don't think he understood what happened, but, unfortunately, he absorbs everything.
I wonder what perceived.
Would they be issues of value, perseverance and loyalty?
Would the feeling that Luke joined an army to defeat the government?
We compare this with the Wizard of 1939.
How does Dorothy make its film?
They're doing good guys with all and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world where I want my kids to grow Oz, right? And not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much capital force F, force in the movies for our children, and so little the yellow brick path?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in girls, and they should read it . It's very good.
I've not read so much about how kids react to this stimulus.
I know for experience that the Princess Line didn't provide the right framework that would have served me to navigate the world of adults who are microscopic . I think at the moment of the first kiss, I really hoped that credit will start to appear because it's the end of the movie, right?
My search has finished, I have girlfriend.
Why are you standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The movies focus on defeat the villain and get their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like a child, you have to be a stupid animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a warrior suit.
There are lots of exceptions, and defend the princess of Disney to any of you.
But they send a message to kids, even though they, kids, are not really their goal public.
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend girls, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend from the patriarchy.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, as real and lovely as Heroes and Kazakhstan, but they don't stop being movies of war.
Of course, the most successful issue of all time continues in classic after classical after classical, each of them about the adventures of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and their son, or two men who believe a girl.
Until, as many of you are thinking, this year, it finally came out . courageous.
I recommend all of you . It's available in stores.
Remember what the critic said when it came out.
I can't believe that Pixar has made a film of a princess.
It's very good . Don't let it stop them!
Well, almost none of these films is the proof of Beck.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It hasn't yet done roots and it's already spreading, but maybe today we will start a movement.
Alisa Beck is a comic book, and in the late 1980s, I recorded a conversation that had had a friend on the evaluation of the movies that they saw.
And it's very simple . There are only three questions that you should do: In the movie, there's more than a female character that has lines?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
Are these women talking to each other at some point in the movie?
Are the conversations about something else from the guy that they like? Okay? Thank you . Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things.
It happens . I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the movie that we know and love.
In fact, this week I went to see a very good quality film, Argentina.
Right? Oscar rumors, barrel success, a consensus idea of what a Hollywood movie is.
Virtually, it doesn't happen from Beck.
And I don't think I should, because a lot of the film, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film happens in an ambassador where men and women hide during the hostage crisis.
We have many scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this hide, and it's the great moment for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say,``Do you come to bed, honey? ''
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at numbers.
In 2011, of the 100 most popular movies, how many of them think they have female protagonists?
Eleven . It's not wrong.
It's not the same percentage as the number of women we've chosen recently for Congress, so it's okay.
But there's a larger number that this one who's going to disappointment this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
Here's what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says it's been sexually assaulted ever in their life.
I don't think it's the fault of mass entertainment.
I don't think the movies for kids have something to do with that.
I don't think the music videos or pornography are closely linked, but something wrong, and when I hear that statistics, one of the things I think is that there is a lot of sexual assaults.
Who are those guys? what are they learning?
What don't you learn?
Are you associating the story that says the role of a male hero is to defeat the villain with violence and then charge the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and doesn't speak?
Are we taking that story?
You know, as a parent with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistic and we want to prepare them.
We have tools to our disposal as a power leader, and we hope that that's going to help, but I have to ask, turn power to protect them if, at the same time, active or passively, are we educating our children to keep their male power?
I mean, I think Netflix list is a way of doing something really important, and I mean primarily to parents.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of shoulder.
The definition of masculinity is radically changing.
You'll have read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the asylum.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter, what was his favorite character of Star Wars who knew what he responded?
Good.
Google Kenya and Glankland.
What are these two?
Maybe it's not just the brilliant dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies that you know more than nobody, and you love to share their knowledge with other people to help them reach their potential.
They are leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want fewer stories where my son is telling my son: See and struggle only and more stories where you see that their job is to join a team, maybe a team led by women, help other people improve and better people, like the Wizard magician.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things that I liked most was to look for sea cookies on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that it would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these shells.
They're covered with sand, and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I used to look for them.
I began to see shapes and patterns that helped me pick them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for past and archaeology.
And finally when I started studying Egypt, I realized that I saw with my own eyes was not enough.
Because suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of almost 3,000 miles of length together at the Nile.
And my sea cookies had grown to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to do it differently.
I want to show you an example of how different we see when we use infrared.
This is a place located in the eastern Delta of Egypt called Benjamin.
And the place, to simple sight, seems to be brown, but when we use infrared, and we process it using fake color, suddenly the place looks like brilliant pink.
What you're seeing is the real chemical changes of the landscape caused by building materials and the activities of ancient Egyptians.
I want to share with you how we've used satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city called Tyrang, lost for thousands of years.
Italian was the former Egypt capital for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in the Fab, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The Egyptians have always known that Iran was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that built them, indicated within the red circles here, but somewhere within this huge string planning.
This area is enormous, it's about 6.5 per mile.
Before, the Nile flows right next to the Title side, and as it changed over time, he moved to the east and covered the whole city.
So how do you find a separate city in an extensive landscape?
Trying to find the random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a haystack, with the eyes sold and using baseball gloves.
So, we use NASA's topographic data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We could see where the Nile flows.
But you can see more detail, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that looks inside the circle here, which we thought could be the location of Title.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing sample jobs; you can see it here.
When I say a show, it's like the shot shows in ice, but instead of layers of climate change, we're looking for layers of human occupation.
Five meters down, under a thick layer of slime, we found a dense layer of pottery objects.
This means that in this possible post-conflict location, five meters below, we have a layer of occupation from several hundreds of years that give from the Middle Empire, exactly the same period that we think is Italian.
We also find work jobs, coral, quartz and cat, which shows that there was a jewelry workshop.
This might seem that it's not much, but when we think about the most common stones used in the Indian Empire jewelry, these are the stones that were used.
So, we have a dense layer of occupation that data from the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence from a elite jewelry workshop that shows that what's been there, was a very important city.
We still don't find Iran here, but we'll go back to the place in a nearby future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so they can also perform big discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire, probably was written in Italy 4,000 years ago.
Now sharing knowledge is the biggest of all vaccines.
There's nothing like that on the land.
So according to it, TED wasn't founded in 1984 . C.
He made ideas actually started in 1984, zero in a lost city not for a long time and found from the high.
It certainly puts the search of marine shells in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, in front of your home.
I'd like you to pay attention to the color of the door, to the material that it's made.
Now visualizing a group of obese non-profits.
They're competing in a nuclear number of bicycles, and they're going on their direction door.
I need you to see this really.
They're fighting strong, they're sweating, they're leaving a lot.
And they collide against the door of their house.
There are bicycles flying everywhere, wheels that pass on the side, rays of the wheels that end up in absurd places . pass the door threshold.
To the lobby, the hallway, or what's on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light . The shine light on the Moon of the Galapagos.
He's waving them with hands.
from his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse that speaks.
You can feel your blue ball by making them tickle.
You can smell the oats of oats, and you're about to get into your mouth.
They go on one side and they train his living room.
It's already in the room, and making maximum use of his imagination, imagine Britney Spears.
He's with a little bit of clothes, dancing on his center message, singing,``Hey, I'm Babbage One Mom Time . ''
Now let me go to cooking.
The soil has been coated with a path of yellow bricks and from the oven coming to you Dorothy, the Man of Hollywood, the Spaces and the Len of``The Wizard of Oz ,"grabbed from hands, jumping up to you.
Okay . Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that's taken on every spring in New York.
It's called the U.S. memory championship.
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, hoping, I suppose, that this was like the end of a wise superpower.
There were several men and a few different ladies of different ages and different hygiene habits.
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers, looking at them once.
They memorized the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
They memorized entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who could memorize the order of a ship shuffle.
And I thought,``This is incredible . ''
These people have to be phenomena of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This one is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England and he has one of the best trained memories.
I said,``Ed, when you realized you were a wise? ''
Ed replies,``I'm not a wise.
Actually, I have an average memory.
Everybody who's participating from this competition say they have normal memory.
\" We have trained to make these miracles act of memory using some ancient techniques, invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that Cicero used to memorize their speeches, and that medieval academics used to memorize whole books . ''
And my reaction was,``Wow . How did I haven't heard of this before? ''
We were standing out of the hall of competition, and Ed, who's a wonderful and brilliant English, although a little bit exciting, he said,``Josh, you're an American journalist.
Do you know Britney Spears? ''
And I said,``What? No, why?
\" Because I'd like to teach Britney Spears, how to memorize the order in a deck of living vessel, in national television.
That would prove to the world that anyone can do it . ''
And I said,``Well, I'm not Britney Spears, but maybe you can teach me.
I mean, you have to start for something? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year not only training my memory, but also researching, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes doesn't work and what the potential can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called EPO.
He's a magnetic, very probably with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that he didn't even remember that he had a memory problem; it's awesome.
Someone incredibly tragic, but it was a window that allowed to see how far our memory makes us who we are.
At the other end of the spectrum I met this man.
This is Kim Penn . He was based for the role of Dusty Hoffman in the movie``Rain Man . ''
We spent an afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City, memorizing telephone guides; it was fantastic.
And when I came back, I read a number of treaties on written memory about 2,000 years ago in Latin, in the Antarctic and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having trained memory, discipline and culture was not a thing as rare as it could seem to us today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, in providing their minds.
These techniques have made our modern world possible, but they also have changed us.
They've changed us culturally, and I would say that they have changed us as well.
As we already have no need to remember, sometimes it looks like we've forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where you still find people who are passionate about this idea of trained memory, discipline and culture is this very unique competition of memory.
It's actually not as singular; there are competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated, I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers from the University College of London invited a group of memory champions, to the lab.
Would they want to know: Is it that it has brains in some way, structure or statistically different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they smarter than the rest?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There had been a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects that compared them.
When they put them in a magnetic resonance machine, they scanned their brains as they memorized numbers, faces and forms of snowflakes, found that in memory champions, they were lighting parts of the brain, different to others.
In effect they used, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves space memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something we can learn from this?
The tournament of competitive memory is driven as a armed race where each year comes up with a new way of remembering more things, faster, and then the rest of the competitors should be put up.
This is my friend Ben Prize, three times memory.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 shell of destined ships that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented, and he only mastered.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 4,500 digital binary digits.
In an hour . Yes . Yes.
And as there is a great amount of ways to remember things in these competitions, absolutely all the techniques used at the end, they reduce a single concept that psychologists call``audience coding . ''
It's illustrated with an elegant paradox known as the Bachmat paradox . [Bacito] says the following: I tell two people to remember the same word . I say to you,``Remember there's a man named Baker . ''
That's his applause.
And then I ask you,``Remember, there's a band . ''
And when I go back later, and I ask them,``Do you remember that word I told you a while? ''
\" Remember what it was? ''
The person who told him that his name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word that the person he said to her work is``bacteria . ''
Same word, different memory capacity; that's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name Baker, it doesn't really mean anything for you.
With all the other memories they dance for their head.
But the word,``Baker"-- we know baker.
They use little white hats.
They have flour in their hands.
They smell well when they go home.
We probably know some baker.
And when we heard that word for the first time, we began to put asthmatic hooked tags to fish them easily at some point.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this data in the ancient Greece.
It's known as the``memory cookie . ''
The story says this: There was a poet called Simulators that attend a bank.
They had hired it as entertainment, because before, if he wanted to give a very good party, he didn't go to a DJ, he hired a poet.
He stood up, he recognized his memory poem, and he marched, and so soon he went, the bank's room collapsed.
killing everyone.
But not only killed them all, but it destroyed the bodies by leaving them.
Nobody could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting.
So they couldn't be buried.
One tragedy behind the other.
Similarian, standing outside, only survivor, in the middle of the rubble, closed your eyes and realized that with your eyes in your mind, I could see where I had been sitting every invited.
I took the family's family from my hand to where their loved ones were in between the rubble.
What Similaria was going on at that moment is something that we all know about more or less intuitively, and it is that no matter whether we're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or instruction of our colleagues, we have visual memory and exceptional space.
If you asked them to give me the first 10 words of the story I just told you about Siminarian, it's very likely to do it very hard to do it.
But I would bet that if you asked them to say who was sitting on the horse parallel horse in their lobby, they would be able to verify it.
The idea of memory palace is to create this building with the eyes of its mind and population of images with the things that you want to remember -- the more crazy, far-fetched, funny, strange and stinky is the image, the more impossible to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first memory treaties, in Latin.
And how does it work?
Let's say you've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to make it memory, in the same way that Cicero did if you had invited it to TEDx 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine you're at the door of your house.
And I'll find some kind of absolutely ridiculous, crazy and unchanging image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely unusual competition.
And then you can imagine coming into your house, and you can see the Mountain of the Galapagos mounted on Mister Ed.
And that would remind you that they want to introduce your friend Ed Cook.
And then you would see Britney Spears to remind you to remind you that funny anecdote you want to count.
And then they would go into the kitchen, and the fourth topic that they would talk about would be that weird journey that they did for a whole year, and they have some friends to help you remember it.
That's how Roman speakers memorize their speeches, not word for word, which is going to confuse them, it's typical by typical.
In fact the term``typical"comes from the Greek Greek, which means``place . ''
It's a dress of when people think about the trauma and the rhetoric with this species of space terms.
The phrase``first ,"would be like the first place in its memory palazzo.
I saw that this was just fascinating, and I got it full of that.
I went to some of these memory competitions, and I had the idea of writing something extension about this competitive memory subculture.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a seemingly boring event.
Seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting by taking tests . I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone's mapped the front.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are incredible things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to get in your place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an ancient school author bought in a flea market.
And I found that this was surprisingly entertaining.
I would never have expected it to be.
It was entertaining, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What's actually about doing is to improve more and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images, comics, provocative, installations, absurd and incomplete, in the eye of mind.
I was pretty upset with this.
This is me, using my standard training team for memory competition.
It's a couple of speakers and some security glasses covered by just two holes, because distraction is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before . I had the idea that I could enter in a kind of participatory journalistic experiment.
I thought this could serve a good job for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the competition, something that didn't have to happen.
Of course it's nice to be able to memorize speeches, and phone numbers, and shopping lists, but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And you don't need to be able to build memory cookies or memorize shuffle shuffle, to benefit with a little bit about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a big memory as if it's a gift gift, but it's not the case.
Big memories educate.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we were deeply focused on.
The memory palace -- these memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even shortcuts.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep processing, a complete kind of attention that most of us not walk around in there.
But the reality is there are no shortcuts.
That's how things are made.
And if there's something I want to leave you today, it's what EBA, the management that I couldn't even remember, I had a memory problem, I left myself, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose from what's already our short existence in the Blackberry or iPhones, not paying attention to being human in front of us, who walks on our side . Are we going to be so marginal that we don't even bother us in process?
I learned from first hand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you have to be the kind of person who remember remembering.
Thank you.
I'll talk to you today about the last 30 years of the history of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex issue, so we'll address just a complex place: New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from Paul Jersey, I was six years old and lived there at my parents' house in a village called Liberts, and this was my kid's bedroom.
On the corner, from my bedroom, I was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a balcony that gave the room to be.
And there they were all the time looking at the television . So every time I went from my room to the bathroom, all of you see me, and every time I shower and go back into a towel, everybody saw me.
And I was.
It was awkward, insecure and hated it.
He hated that tour, hated that balcony, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
Ready.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about math, not about the division of areas, but from those visceral, emotional connections, that we feel in the places we occupy.
And it's not surprising that we sit in that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency, the Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof.
I mean , 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways that we don't even realize.
That makes us a little bit naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what excites you: you think about``power ,"`` stability"and``democracy . ''
And I know that it's going to be based on a built building about 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a design that architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection; we've used this trick for a long, long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century in the United States, we use it to build houses.
Look, these stable soldiers, solid, in front of the sea, away from the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a long time, and it's very complicated.
The people who build, the urbanization and the governments, are always afraid of innovation, and they prefer to use shapes that know that they're going to work.
So we found buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Public Library of Liberians that ended in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a dome; it has this round thing, columns, red brick, that let you go in with this building: kids, ownership values, history.
But it doesn't have much to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, another library was completed, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use communication media in the digital era.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to gather, read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both libraries, both libraries, are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works at the beginning of the pendulum.
On one side is innovation; architects that constantly drive new technologies, new microscopes, new solutions for the forms of life today.
We push, we drive and push so much, that we get away from people.
All of the black, this is depressed . You believe that we feel very well, but we're dead inside because we don't have another option.
We have to go on the other side and come back to us with those appreciated symbols.
So we do it, and we're all happy, but we're all happy, but we feel like translators, so we start experimenting again; we're tracking the pendulum back forward, again and again . So we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course it's in the last 30 years.
Well , 30 years ago we went out of the '70s.
Architects were busy experimenting with so-called brightness.
It's got to do with the hormone.
You can guess that.
Small windows, in demographic scale.
Something really hard.
So we approached the '80s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We push the pendulum again in the other direction.
We take those ways we know that we like and update them.
We added no and we added cake and we used new materials.
They love it.
We don't take an abortion.
We took Chippies together, and we turned them into skyscrapers, which can be made by glass.
The shapes were added, they won in audacity and colorful.
The students became columns.
The conditions grew up to the size of buildings.
A crazy.
But it was the '80s, that was great.
We all spent the reason in commercial centers, we moved to neighborhoods, and there, in the suburbs, we could create our own architectural fantasies.
Those fantasies could be to the Mediterranean, the French, or the Italian.
It's probably a symphony of bread sticks.
This is what happens to post-conflict.
This is what happens with symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we're receiving memories from other places.
I know very well, and all of you know, this is not the Tuscany.
This is Ohio.
Architects feel frustrated, and we start making the pendulum again in the other direction.
In the '80s, and in the early '90s, we started experimenting with the so-called democratic denominator.
We downloaded the historical symbols; we now count with new computer design techniques, and we find new compositions, some ways that are star against other forms.
This is academic and branch, and it's super popular; you're totally excluded.
Normally, the police pendulum again in opposite direction.
But then something surprising happened.
In 1997, this building is opened.
It's the Guggenheim of Bilbao, from Frank Gehry.
This building fundamentally changed the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Government said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critics, academics and public in general, they were completely according to a building.
New York Times rating this miracle construction.
The tourism in Bilbao increased in a 2,500 percent when they finished the building.
So suddenly, everybody wanted one of those buildings: Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Spirit.
Everybody wanted one, and Gehry was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these shapes, wild and radical, how is it possible to become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because media was galvanized around them and quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and tourism.
We've created an emotional reaction with these shapes.
The same thing did the main mayor of the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these shapes, they had culture and tourism.
This phenomenon of the beginning of the new millennia happened with other star architects.
It happened to Zambia and Liberia, and what happened with these few elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually began to happen with all the architecture . digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think, for example, how you consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, they would have to walk up to the next town to see a building.
Transportation accelerates: you can take a ship, an airplane, you can be tourists.
Technology accelerates . You can see in the newspapers, on the telly, and at the end, we're all photographers of architecture, and the building is transported beyond its physical location.
Architecture is everywhere now; that means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It doesn't take a long time to think about a building.
It takes a lot of time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 buildings more, before you know whether that I designed four years ago was successful or not.
Because there has never been good feedback in architecture.
That's how we encounter buildings like this.
Button was not a two-year-old movement, but 20 years old.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they stopped.
That's never going to happen . I think, because we are in the threshold of the greatest revolution in architecture from the invention of concrete, steel or elevator, and it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when you apply the pendulum to the media, it starts to absorb faster and faster, until it will be in both extremes almost in simultaneous, and it's effectively distributed the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, the architects, and you, the public.
Now we can make almost instant symbols, with emotional charge, of something completely new.
I'll teach you how the system works in a project that my company recently ended.
We were hired to replace this building that came up.
This is the center of a village called Ping in Fire Island, in the state of New York.
It's a vacation community.
But that meant that two years before the building was finished, it was already part of the community, and as the drawings looked exactly the finished product, there were no surprises.
The building came to be part of the community . That first summer, when people started getting and shared in social media, the building stopped being just a building, it became a media, because these are not just images of a building, it's the images that you made from the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, they become part of the personal narrative, and that makes corporates with collective memory, and by carrying these symbols, we learn.
I mean, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell us about what we think about architecture, because digital media hasn't only changed the relationship between us, but they have changed the relationship between us and the buildings.
Think for a second in those libraries of Youth.
If that building was built today, first we would go to the Internet for``new libraries . ''
We would be bombarded with examples of experimentation, of innovation, about what a library can be.
That's ammunition.
ammunition that can lead to the mayor of Liberians, to the people of Liberts, and tell you that there is no unique response to what a library can be today.
We're part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom of experiencing.
It's all different now.
Architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use grandmother words and complicated drawings, and one is no longer an informed audience that doesn't have something that I haven't seen before.
Architects can listen, and you don't let it be intimidating by architecture.
That means that the optical pendulum of one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find proper solutions to problems facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that the buildings of tomorrow will be very different than today's buildings.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Seva can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical imitation of red brick, based on ideas of what a stadium should be.
This means that some robots will be able to build our buildings, because we will finally be ready for ways that are going to produce.
That means that buildings resemble nature of nature and not the opposite.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or yoga, or even you can marry there at night.
This means three architects can dream with swimming in the East River of New York, and raise half a million dollars from the community together around that cause, it's no longer a customer alone.
It means no building is too small for innovation, like this little dinosaur pavilion, as muscle and fibrous as the animals that are going to look at.
Because no matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
Architects already know how to make more ecological, more intelligent and kinder buildings.
We've been waiting for all of you to do it.
Finally, we're no longer on the opposite side.
Find an architect, control it and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot in play.
Buildings not only reflect our society, but they shape the smallest spaces: local libraries, the homes where we shape our children, and the step of the bedroom to the bathroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Stacey.
He just turned a year and he started walking.
And it does it in that great, typical way of the kids in a year, born, as if her body was moving too fast for their legs.
It's totally precious.
And one of the things that you like to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really love his reflection.
He's laughing and squeaks, and he gives himself those big and wet kisses.
It's beautiful.
Apparently, all of your friends do this, and my mom tells me that I used to do it . And it made me think, when stopped doing this?
How do we suddenly aren't like our appearance?
Because apparently, we don't like it.
Every month , 10,000 people look at Google,``Am I ugly? ''
This is F, it's 13 years old and living in Denver.
And as any teenager, it just wants to be loved and fit.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for next week at school.
It's a little bit of fear, it's a little confused because even though his mom tells him the whole thing that's beautiful, every day in school, somebody tells him it's ugly.
Among what his mom tells him, and what his friends, or school partners tell him, he doesn't know who to believe.
So a video of her, he publishes it on YouTube, and he asks others to please leave a comment,``Am I nice or am I ugly? ''
Well, so far, Facebook has received over 13,000 comments.
Some of these are so unpleasant that it doesn't even deserve to think about them.
We talk about a healthy, normal and current teenager, who gets these responses in one of the stages of their most vulnerable life.
Thousands of people are posting videos like this, mostly teenage girls trying to communicate in this way.
But what's bringing them to do this?
Well, the teenagers today are almost never alone.
They're under pressure to be online and available all the time, talking, chatting, giving me``I like ,"eating, sharing, publishing, this is never finished.
We've never been so connected before, continuously, so young, so young.
As a mother said,``It's like there's a party in your room every night . ''
There's just no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from hand with that are imperative.
This environment, of being always connected, is encouraging our kids to assessed based on the number of``I like"that they have and the types of comments they get.
There is no division between life online and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what's real or what's not.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what's authentic and what is digitally manipulated.
What is the most frightening thing in someone's life in someone who's normal in a daily context?
And where are you looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kinds of images that are brought out of the news of girls now.
Street models continue to dominate our passages.
The teacher's technique is now a routine.
And trends like:``Technologist, #the tape ,"bike, and it goes.
For those of you who unknown it, it means presidential.
These trends are associated from women in popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young people are comparing.
But kids are not immune to this.
It's like the superheroes of sports stars, and the shock singers.
But what's the problem with all this?
Well, surely we want our children to grow healthy and be independent individuals.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our kids to devote more time and mental effort to their appearance, to the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical capabilities, their studies and other aspects start suffering.
Six out of 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't look enough enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They are fundamental activities for their growth as human beings and as contradictions to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one out of three teenagers are not interested in class debates, and they prevent to participate in classrooms because they don't want to call attention for their physical aspects.
One in five are not attending classes at all for the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the test season, if you don't believe you see you good enough, specifically if you don't think you're thin enough, you'll get a smaller note to the average of your peers who don't worry about the appearance.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland, United States and China.
And it's regardless of what they actually weigh these young people.
So, to be good, we're talking about how you see you, not how you're really.
The low self-esteem on its body is defending academic performance.
And it's also damaging health.
Tentalless adolescents are doing less physical activity, they eat less fruits and vegetables, they participate in more not healthy diets that can take them into a food disorder.
They have low self-esteem.
They are more easily influenced by the people around them, and they're in greater risk of depression.
And we think that's because of this, so that they make more risky decisions, like alcohol consumption and drugs, drastic diets, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships to early ages and without protection and damage.
The pursuit of the perfect body is pushing the healthcare system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe they have overweight again, regardless of whether or not they have higher rates of absorbing.
17 percent of women don't present to a job interview in a day where they don't feel safe with the way they look.
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity would be?
releasing this potential is interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, speaking, by itself, it doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key shapes . The first one is that we have to instill trust in their own body.
We need to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect imagery and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of well-intentioned programs, without realizing, worse the situation.
So, we need to make sure that the program that follow our children will not only have a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas . The first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are crucial parties for anyone willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
An education is fundamental, but let's face this problem requires each of us to take the risks in the issue, and we're a better model to follow for women and girls in our own lives.
challenging the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to tell the contribution of our politicians in haircut cuts or the size of their chest, or to insist that determination or success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a big beauty.
We need to start judging people for what they are, not as they look.
All of us can start doing it by taking responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you, when was the last time you were kissing a mirror?
In short, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as companies, to truly change our culture, so that our children grow up valuing all their people, valuing individuality, diversity, inclusion.
We have to put people who are actually making the difference in a pedestal.
For making a difference in the real world, let's make them go out in the big screen, because we just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they think they are never just trying to be who they are, or to achieve what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in your lives.
Who have in mind?
Your wife?
Is it her sister?
Is it her daughter??
Right? Your friend?
It could simply be the woman who is two seats away . What would mean for her if he was released from that self-destructive voice inside, that he was tormented by not having long legs, more thin museums, a more flat belly, smaller feet?
What would it mean for her if we were breaking this out and we would say it leads to their potential in that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is holding us all together.
But let's teach our kids the truth.
Let's show you that the way you see you is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for who they are and why they do, and because they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in the curriculum of our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk and compared to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small suits of a year age today, become safe change agents of themselves tomorrow tomorrow.
Let's do it.
On November 5 , 1990, a gentleman named Shakespeare Nature went into a hotel in Manhattan and killed to the rabbi Mechanical Kaamba, the leader of the League of Justice Defense.
They initially declared it innocent, but being prepared by other minor charges, company from others, started planning attacks at about 12 New York City, including tunnels and synagogues and the United Nations headquarters.
Luckily, those plans were frustrated by an FBI informant.
Sadly, the 1993 bomb in the World Trade Center, couldn't avoid.
Later, it would be convicted by their participation in that afternoon.
Shakespeare Nash is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being him an Egyptian engineer, with a lovely American mother, primary school teacher, between the two did everything to give me a happy childhood.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started changing.
My father taught me a form of Islam, which is very few, including most Muslims, come to meet.
For experience, I saw that when people take time to interact, it doesn't require much to get the same things in life.
However, in all religion, in every human group, there's always a small fraction of people who are so rooted to their convictions that think that you have to use all possible media for everyone to live like them.
A few months before the arrest, he sat with me and explained that in the last weekend, he and some friends had been going to fire training at Long Island, to practice.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We came to the tape of California, which, without knowing our group, was driven by the FBI.
When I played throwing, my father helped me support the rifle in the shoulder and explained how to aim the goal at about 30 meters.
That day, with the last bullet, I gave the little orange light on the goal, and to surprise all of you, especially, the whole goal burst in flames.
My uncle went back to the other and in Arabic, he said,``Vietnam absolute . ''
As a parent, such a child.
Everybody, the comment produced a lot of laughter, but only a few years later I understood what they were so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted to put a seat down with 700 pounds of explosives in the underground parking of the World Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and invited another 1,000.
I admired those men.
I called them``ambulance ,"which means uncle.
When I turned 19, I had been moved 20 times . That instability during my childhood didn't allow me to make a lot of friendships.
Every time I started feeling comfortable about somebody, I was time to engage and go to another city.
As I was always me the new face of the class often was a victim of killing.
I considered secret my identity to avoid being the white, but to be the new of the class, silence and region, was enough ammunition.
So most of the time, it was happening at home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons, I didn't develop social skills, to say softly, to grow under fans, wasn't prepared for the real world.
I was educated to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators, like their race or their religion.
So how could I open your eyes?
One of the first experiences that they were able to test my thinking was during the presidential elections of 2000.
In a presidential program where I participated at the Jewish National Convention, Philadelphia.
My group focused on the theme of youth violence, as I had been a victim of killing almost all my life, it was something I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group come from various backgrounds.
One day, at the end of the convention, I discovered that one of the guys who had made friendships, was Jewish.
I took several days to go into the light this detail, and I realized that there was no animation between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend, and frankly I felt very proud of being able to beat the barrier that all life had made me believe that it was influenced.
Another crucial moment came when I got a summer job at Bush Gardens, a amusement park.
I found myself with people of all kinds of beliefs and cultures, and that experience was fundamental in the development of my character.
All of life had taught me that homosexuality was a sin, and by extension, all of the gay was bad influences.
By chance, I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the kinder and most critical ones I had seen in life.
Having been accused by child, I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat young people, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
And for that feeling I could contrast the stereotypes that had taught me as a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know how that being gay, but I know what's being judged by something beyond my control.
Then came the``Daily Show . ''
Every night, Jon Stewart made me intellectually honest about my intolerance, and helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many ways, he became my figure in a moment that I was desperately needed to.
Occasionally, inspiration can come from unexpected, and that a Jewish comedian had had a better influence in my life than my own father, extremists, was not in vain.
I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking, and she told me something that I'm going to be in my heart forever, while it's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes tired of someone who has suffered enough, and he said,``I'm tired of hate . ''
At that point, I realized how much negative energy is needed to keep all of that hatred inside.
My real name is not Zach drunk.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why did I decide to go out and get in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope somebody, one day, who's trying to take violence, can hear my story and understand that there's a better path, which I was told to this violent and vertical ideology, I didn't get a fan.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against prejudice.
I do it for terrorism victims and their loved ones, for the terrible pain and losses that terrorism has produced them in their lives.
For terrorism victims talk, against those meaningless acts, like rejection to my father's actions.
With this simple I'm exposed to me here as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that children don't have to follow their parents' roads.
I'm not my father.
Thank you . Thank you all . Thank you really . Thank you very much.
At this moment, there is a film that's projected in its minds.
It's an incredible multitasking film.
It's in 3D, and it has superstar sound of what you hear and see right now . But that's just the beginning.
Your film has asthma, taste and texture.
Take your body, your pain, your hunger, your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, as moments of your childhood that are projected before your eyes.
And it's constantly a voice superimposed in your conscious thinking flow.
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything in direct.
This film is your flow of consciousness, the subject of the experience of mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of being human.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal film, you, you and you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know that I have a conscience.
I have no certainty that you are aware of.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't aware, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal films?
Why are we not just robots that we have to produce results without experiencing the internal movie?
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
Science, by nature, is objective.
Consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost all the 20th century, I made that vision.
psychology studied the behavior obviously, neuroscience studied the brain objectively, but nobody mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then , 20 years ago, it all started changing.
neuroscientists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Pennsyl said,``Now it's the moment for science to tackle consciousness . ''
And since then, there was a real explosion, a fluid of scientific work about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic . It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations until the moment.
The center of the science of consciousness in the recent years was the pursuit of correlations, correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kanzi presented a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, the brain areas that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a science of correlations.
It's not an explanation science.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you that this kind of work of neuroscience answer some questions that we want to explain consciousness, the questions about what certain areas of the brain do, and what they're correlated.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No offense to neuroscientists.
There are actually no easy problems with consciousness.
Well, it doesn't work the real central mystery of this matter: Why all physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness?
Why is there a subjective movie movie?
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give it a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emergent phenomenon like the embarrassments, like hurricanes, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical emergence is all cases of emerging behaviors, how the embarrassments operate, how hurricanes work, how they reproduce, they adapt and metabolize living organisms . They are all questions about objective function.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon: how we walk, how we talk, how we play chess; they are all questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, questions about behavior are between easy problems.
But the hard problem is the question of why it is that all behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here it is, the standard paradigm of the emergence, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually doesn't have much to say.
I'm a heart scientific material.
I want a scientific theory of substance that works . For a long time, I was hitting my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work.
But ultimately I came to the conclusion that that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we're at this point.
We have a wonderful chain of explanations, great . We used to this; physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are conscious.
For another, we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific worldview of the world.
I think consciousness, right now, is kind of a kind of anomaly, something that we need to integrate our worldview, but we don't even know how.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas . I think we need ideas that are beginning to look crazy, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who is here today, has one.
His crazy idea is that there is no hard problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of the internal subjective movie includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you need to do, is to explain objective functions, brain behaviors, and so you study everything that needs explanation.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductionist, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I go in a different direction.
In the time it's left, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental.
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks: space, time and mass.
They have fundamental laws that govern them, like gravity laws or quantum mechanics.
These fundamental laws and properties don't explain in terms of nothing more basic.
Instead, they're considered fundamental, and that's where the world is built.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental is long.
In the 19th century, Maxwell discovered that you can't explain electromagnetic phenomena in terms of the fundamental concepts, space, time, mass, Newton laws, so I put the basic laws of electronics, and put the electric burden as a fundamental concept that those laws govern.
I think that's the situation that we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of the fundamental ideas, space, time, mass, charge, then by a matter of logic, you have to save the list.
The most natural thing would be empowering consciousness as something fundamental, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not the object of science.
It opens the path to scientifically handle it.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts: space, time, mass, physical processes.
The physicists sometimes say we want fundamental fundamental laws that we can stay in a memory.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws that we can get in a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we're looking for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision is sometimes called speeches: Panchul, for all,``psyche"for all, is conscious by mind, not only humans, dogs, mice, flies, even the microbes of Rob Knight, the elementary particles.
Even a picture has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are smart or they think.
It's not that a picture can be full of anguish when you think,``Oh, always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never slow down and smell the pink . ''
No, so no.
But the thought is that perhaps photons can have some element of raw feeling, subjective, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little crazy for you.
How do someone think something so crazy?
This is partly from the first crazy idea, which consciousness is fundamental.
If it's fundamental, like space, time and mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, as others.
It's also worth noticing that even though the idea seems illogical, it's much less for the people in different cultures, where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and most powerful way to find fundamental laws that relate the thinking with the physical process is by linking awareness with information.
Whenever there is information processing, there's consciousness.
complex information processing, as in a human being, complex awareness.
Simple information processing, simple consciousness.
And something really exciting is that in recent years a neuroscientist, Gillian Tony, took this kind of theory and developed it rigorously with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information integration, which is called the physician, which measures the degree of information integrated into a system.
And it's supposed to have to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible degree of information integration, a high degree of physician, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is a middle degree of information integration, equally significant, very important degree of consciousness.
But when you get to the worms, microbes, particles, the degree of cake goes.
The level of information integration is lower, but it's not zero.
In Tony's theory, there will still be a level of a different awareness of zero.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness: high degree of physician, high degree of consciousness.
Also, another reason is that photographer can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world.
physicists and philosophers have often observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but it doesn't talk to us about the reality that underlies underneath.
As Stephen Hawking explains,``Where does the fire of equations come from? ''
From the personalized vision, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but they can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically, describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one who puts fire in equations.
In that vision, consciousness is not out of the physical world as a kind of an additive species.
It's right there in the center.
This vision, I think, is paradised vision, has the potential to transfer our relationship with nature, and it can have pretty serious social and ethical consequences.
Some can be illogical.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that had consciousness, then it had to be vegetarian.
If you're a pandester and you accept that vision, you have a lot of hunger.
I think that by thinking about it, this tends to transform your visions, whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral consequences, is not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and its complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the Samantha artificial intelligence system in the``Honey"movie?
Is it conscious?
According to the vision of polarized information, she has a complicated, integrated information processing, so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, they are very serious ethical problems about the ethics of the development of smart computers and the ethics to shut them out.
Finally, you can ask for the awareness of full collective collective, the planet.
Does Canada have its own consciousness?
Or to a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience at a TED Talk, and at this point, we have a TED collective consciousness, an internal movie for this whole TED group, different from the internal movies of each of the parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that has to be taken seriously.
So this parallel vision, it's a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is something fundamental, than the second, that it's universal.
Vision raises a lot of questions, many challenges, like, how those pieces of thinking contribute to the kind of complex awareness we know and love it.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we're going on the right path to a theory of serious consciousness.
If no, well probably this is the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think eventually we'll be going to discover it.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the crazy crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural village in victory.
He had a very normal profile, a low school profile.
I went to school, I came to my friends, I was fighting my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15, a member of my community came to my parents because I wanted to join me for a community prize.
And my parents said,``Well, that's pretty nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She actually hasn't gotten anything ."And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades . After school, I had a low profile on my mother's beetle, and I spent a lot of time looking at the series``Buddhist's Super Seller ,"and``David's Creek . ''
Yes, I know . What contradiction.
But they were right.
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take disability outside the equation.
Years later, being in the second part of the teaching in a high school in Melbourne, just after about 20 minutes in the 11 class of legal studies, a guy raised his hand and said,``Hey, when you give your speech? ''
And I said,``What about? ''
Well, I had been talking to you about the law of difference for a few good 20 minutes.
And he said,``You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair, they talk about inspiring things in school? ''
\" Usually, in the acts hall . ''
And it was then when I realized: this kid had had experiences with people with disability as objects of inspiration.
And we are not . And it's not a fault of the boy, that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our manuscripts.
We're not real people . We're there to inspire.
And, in fact, I'm on this stage like what I do in this wheelchair, and probably you are waiting for you to inspire you . Right? Yes.
Well ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to tell you strictly.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that they have lied to disability.
Yes, they've sold us the lie that disability is something Mall, in capital, M mass.
It's bad and living with a disability makes you exceptional.
It's not a bad thing, and it doesn't make it except.
And in the last few years, we've been able to spread even more of this lie through social media.
You may have seen images like this:``The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one:``Your excuse is inverted ."Indeed.
Or this one:``Before I abandon, I'm sorry! ''
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
You may have seen one, from the girl without hands drawing with a pencil holding.
You may have seen a child running with artificial fibers of carbon fiber.
And there's a lot of these images, which is what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the porn porn deliberately, because they match a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we match disabled the benefits of people without disability.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, motivate them, so that we can see them and think,``Well, as bad as my life, it could be worse.
I could be that person . ''
But if you're that person?
I've lost the number of times the number of times I've been blown away wanting to express that they think I'm courageous or a source of inspiration, and this happens before my job had a public profile.
It was as if I was happy to get up in the morning and remember my own name, and this is to match.
These images, those images match people with disabilities in the benefit of people without disability.
They're there for you to see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put your concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something hard.
We overcome some things.
But the things that we overcome are not the things that you can think of.
It's not relative things to our bodies.
I use the term``disabled people ,"deliberately because I am overwhelmed by called the social model of disability, which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live because of our bodies or diagnostics.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very close to him.
It does the things that I need to do, and I've learned to pull out the best of your ability as well as you do it, and that's what happens with the kids of those photos as well.
They're not doing anything outside.
They are simply using their bodies to take the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to spread the way we do, when we share those images?
When people tell us,``You're a source of inspiration ,"he says it as a compliment.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because they've sold us this lie that disability makes us exceptional.
And honestly, it doesn't.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here by blocking the inspiration, and you think,``Oh God, Miss, aren't you sometimes inspired by something? ''
And actually, I know I am.
Learning from other people with disability at all.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
Learning that it's a great idea to use a few bands of barbecue to collect the things that they fall down, learning the ingenious trick of how to carry the battery of the cell phone in the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the force and resistance of others, not against our bodies and our diagnosis, but against a world that except and match us.
I really believe that that lies that have sold us about disability is the biggest injustice.
It makes us hard.
And that quote:``The only disability in life is a bad attitude ,"the reason that it's lie is that it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles in a climbing plot has never done it into a ramp.
Never . smiling to a television screen will not make the subtitles appear for deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and laughing a positive attitude will convert all those books into the braille.
It's just not going to happen.
I want to really live in a world where disability is not exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl sitting in his bedroom looking at``Buddhist the Simptoria Survey"is not considered no memory of anything for being in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disability that we're happy to get out of bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disability, and I want to live in a world where a 11 degree boy at a high school in Melbourne is not a little bit surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair . .
disability doesn't make us exceptional, but to question what you believe to know about it.
Thank you.
What do you have to do with augmented reality and professional football, with empathy?
What is the average speed of a global polygo?
Unfortunately, today I'll just answer one of those questions, so please don't get rid of it.
When people think about augmented reality, they think of``Minority Report ,"and in Tom Cruise, the hands in the air, but augmented reality is not science fiction.
augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happens because we have the tools for it, and people need to know, because the reality augmented to change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get to augmented reality?
The first step, it's what I've been wearing: the Google Glass goggles.
I'm sure many are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that Google Glass is a device that allows them to see what I see.
Let me experience what is a professional sport in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use the Google Glass, under a helmet and knowing what's running through the game field at 100 miles, blood hitting your ears.
We can know that it feels like a man of 110 pounds to us, trying to relate us with everything.
I've been there and I assure you that it's not nice.
I bring some videos to show you what is to use the Google Glass under the helmet, and give them an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of NFL practices, because the idea of the NFL of emerging technology is a submarine climbing on the surface . But we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Kuwa: We go.
It's horrible to be thrown.
A moment . Let's zoom a little bit.
Predictable?
Go!
Chris Kuwa: As you can see, it's a habit of what's being thrown in the football field, from the perspective of the keyboard.
You'll have realized that there are missing people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, the University of Washington.
camp Martin: Rats 54! mice 54!
Blue 8, Blue 8! Come!
Chris Kuwa: This is a little bit more about feeling to be in the field, but it has nothing to do with being at NFL.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, it's going to be their favorite players, and they've asked me on YouTube and Twitter,``You can see from the angle of a field.
Or about a corridor? ''
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we get out of full?
We took it at that level using something called Ocultural Rick, which surely many already know.
The Ocean Rift has been described as the most realistic virtual reality device ever created, and it's not cheap word.
And I'm going to teach you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh!!
No, no, no! I don't want to keep playing! No!
Oh, my God! Oh!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain fearing for his life.
What's the experience of a fan when we recorded a video of Adrian Peter crossing the line, getting rid of a talk with the arm before they run and make an notation? what the experience of a fan is.
When you can be Messemic running across the board, throwing the ball into the bottom of the network, or Federal making a jump in Zimbabwe?
What will its experience be when it comes from a mountain to more than 100 miles as an Olympic skier?
Maybe the sales of diapers for adults.
But this is not yet augmented . .
It's just virtual reality, R.
How do we achieve augmented reality, RCA?
We'll get the reality augmented when the coaches, the monsters and the owners see the information of what people want to see and think,``How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win parties? ''
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win . They give them money.
So, here's a brief deal about technology at NFL.
In 1965, the Baltimore voters put a commitment to their field mass to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to mimic them.
More people saw the game because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NFL put radio in the camps of the field sea and then in the defense.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2025, imagine that you're a player coming back to your group and you see their next game shown in front of you, in a plastic dress that you take, you don't have to worry about forgetting a player.
I'll memorize the strategy.
Just go out to the countryside and react.
And the coaches want them because if they don't follow their instructions, they lose parties, and they hate losing parties.
If you lose parties, you wake up as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But augmented reality is not just a manual of enhanced strategies.
augmented reality is also a way of collecting information and using it in real time to improve your way to play the game.
How would it be?
Well, a very simple option would be a camera in every corner of the stadium having a view from the top of the people who are below.
You also get information from the sensors of the helmet and the accelerometer, something you're already working on.
And all that information is sent to your players.
Good teams will be able to send it.
The bad ones will have information overload.
This will differentiate the good teams of bad equipment.
So, your computer team will be as important as your recruitment, and data analysis stop being just for nerds.
It will also be for sports . Who would have imagined it?
How would it be in the field?
Imagine you're the field marijuana.
You get the ball and you go back.
You look at an open receptor . All of a sudden, a flashlight at the left part of your bombsight, you'll warn you that a defense behind you is going to attack . Normally, you don't see it, but the R & D system . ''
You go into the protection area.
Another flashlight strikes that there's an open receptor.
The ball, but you get off you.
And the bullet loses the trajectory.
You don't know where you land . However, the receptor sees in your bombsight an area of grass that is illuminating and can change the career.
It approaches it, catch the ball, run and anatomy.
And the audience goes up and the fans have followed the player from each angle.
This is something that will create a massive emotion in the game.
I'll make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
augmented reality will be part of the sport because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is: Do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use it just as bread and circus as our usual entertainment?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use augmented reality to promote empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is, literally, being in another person's place.
We know what this technology is worth for sports league.
It's billions of revenue per year.
But how much is this technology for a professor in the classroom trying to show an abuse how harmful their actions are from the perspective of the victim?
How much does this technology do for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how it's being pursued?
How much is it worth for a commander, or a Denezuer Democrat Tourie, trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science instead of quarterly and Sarahamic notes?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality is about.
The questions we do, the decisions we take and the challenges that we face, depend, as always, of us.
Thank you.
I recently retired after 23 years of service in California Patrick.
Most of those 23 years, I happened to get through the South County County, which includes the Golden Gate Bridge.
The bridge is an iconic structure, known globally by its beautiful views of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean, and its inspiring architectural style.
Unfortunately, it's also a magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The bridge Goldman Gates was open in 1972.
Joseph Straws, the chief chief engineer of building the bridge, said that,``The bridge is practically on suicide proof.
The suicide from the bridge is no practice or probably . ''
But from its openness, over 1,600 people have jumped to their death from that bridge.
Some believe that traveling between the two towers will bring them to another dimension, this bridge has been idealized as such, so that the fall from it is free from all your concerns and pain, and the water that's going on underneath your soul.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After a fall of four to five seconds, the body hits the water roughly 120 miles an hour.
The impact breaks the bones, some of which they punch vital organs.
Most die in the impact.
The ones that don't, normally get out in the helpless water and then they drowned.
I don't think that the ones who contemplate this method of suicide will realize the death of death that they will face.
This is the cable.
Except around two towers, there are 32 inches of steel steel to the bridge.
This is where most people are in before they get out of life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge, and in their darkest moment, it's very difficult to bring them back.
I took this picture last year as this young man talked to an officer by contemplating his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we succeeded that day to bring it back into the railing.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We fought to channel the path through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who would contemplate suicide, but the officials also.
We've gone a long way since then.
Today, veterans and psychologists are training new officials.
This is Jason Garden.
I met it on July 22 last year when I received a call of a possible suicide subject sitting in the head near the center.
I responded, and when I got, I looked at Jason talking to a bridge of the Golden Gate Bridge.
Jason was only 32 years old, and I had flown up here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up here twice before New Jersey to try to suicide from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason, we asked ourselves if we knew the story of Pandora box.
Remember the Greek mythology, Ze created Pandora, and sent it to Earth with a box, and he said,``Never, never open that box . ''
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Pandora, and she opened the box.
And it came up with pests, sorrows, and all kinds of bad people against the man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason said,``What if you open your box and there is no hope? ''
He stopped a few moments, he leaned on the right, and he went.
This nice and clever guy in New Jersey had just taken away.
I talked to Jason's parents that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family's rabbi called me to see how I was.
Jason's parents had been asked.
The suicide collateral damage is affecting many people.
I ask you these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or somebody loved suicide??
What would you say?
You know what to say?
In my experience, not just to talk, but you need to hear.
Listening to understand.
Don't argue, blame, or tell the person you know how it feels, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the point of inflection you need.
If you think that someone is suicide, you're not afraid to confront them and ask the question.
One way to ask the question is,``Others in similar circumstances have thought about ending their life; you've had these thoughts? ''
They confront the person in front of the face, and it can be the point of inflection for them.
Other signs to look for: despair, believe that things are terrible and they're never going to improve; it involves, believe that there is nothing you can do about it -- recent social isolation, and a lost of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got an email from a lady, and I'd like to read you his letter.
She lost her son at the 19th of January of this year, and he wrote this email just a couple days ago, and it's with his permission and a blessing that I read.
\" Hello, Kevin . I imagine you're at TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go on foot this weekend.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell many people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still quite numb, but I'm going to notice more moments of realizing that Mike will not go home.
Mike was driving Peter to San Francisco to see the game of the 49 with her father the 19th of January.
He never got there.
I called the police police and repeated it as disappeared that night.
The next morning, two officers came to my house and informed me that Mike's car was down on the bridge.
A witness had seen it jumping from the bridge at 1850 in the afternoon.
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be very weak to fight themselves.
Who hasn't been before wrong without suffering a real mental illness?
It shouldn't be so easy to end.
My prayers are with your struggle.
The GPS, the Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay, not a cemetery.
Good luck this week, Vincent . ''
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and go to the path that his son took that day, and also the value to go ahead.
I'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value.
On March 11 , 2005, responded to a radio call for a possible suicide subject on the sidewalk near the north tower.
I drove my motorcycle on the sidewalk and looked at this man, Kevin Bertie, standing on the sidewalk.
When he saw me, he immediately crossed the railing, and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
Over the next and half hour, I heard like Kevin talked about their depression and despair.
Kevin decided for his account that day to come back on that lane and give life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, he was happy.
\" This is a new start, a new life . ''
But I asked him,``What was it that made you come back and give it to hope and life? ''
And you know what she told me?
He said,``I heard.
They let me talk and just listen to me . ''
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from Kevin's mother, and I have that letter with me, and I'd like to read you.
\" Dear Mr. Brits, nothing delete the events of March 11, and you're one of the reasons why Kevin goes on with us.
Honestly, I think Kevin was calling for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it has been properly medicine.
I adopted Kevin when I only had six months, completely unconscious of all of those inherited traits, but thank God, we know it.
Kevin is in order, as it says.
We thank God for you for you.
Still in debt with you, Karen Bertie . ''
And at the end of her, she wrote,``Paul . When I visited San Francisco General Hospital that night, you were looking at the patient.
\" Wow, I had to solve it! ''
Today, Kevin is a loving father and active member of society.
It speaks openly about the events of that day and their depression with the hope that their story inspired others.
suicide is not just something that I've found myself at work.
It's personal.
My grandfather suicide with poison.
That act, despite ending its own pain, stole the opportunity to know.
This is what the suicide does.
For most of the suicide people, or those who consider suicide, they wouldn't think to hurt another person.
They just want their own pain to end.
Usually, this is achieved only three ways: sleep or drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've responded, and I've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and suicide calls around the bridge.
Of those incidents I've been directly involved in, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason.
The other one was a man who talked about an hour.
During that time, I shook my hand in three occasions.
On the final squeeze, I looked at me, and he said,``Kevin, I feel it, but I have to go . ''
And I went out.
horrible, absolutely horrible.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of people we get to contact on that bridge are not suicide.
Also, those few who have jumped from the bridge and living, and you can talk about it, one percent or two percent, most of those people have said that the second thing they leave the railing realized they had made a mistake and they wanted to live.
I say to people, the bridge is not just connecting Mario with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that every single one of us should be able to do.
suicide can prevent.
There's help . There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you what you're not, but in your interior you know what you are, and a question mark you: How do you become that?
I must be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone, no way I'm alone.
When I became a model, I felt that I had finally achieved the dream I had ever had since.
My outside finally matched my inner truth, with my inner self.
By complicated reasons, I'm going to refer to me later, when I look at this picture, I think,``You get it, you get it, you get it, you get . ''
But the October October, I discovered, I'm just starting.
All of us get rid of our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the value of release, to get rid of the limitations imposed by the color of skin or by the beliefs of those around us.
These are people who are always challenging the status quo, which is considered accepted.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent, my agent even ignored my story.
I think this puzzle is called epiphany.
This is mine.
They were registered as``child"by birth because of my genitals.
I remember at my five years in the Philippines, in my house, I always carried this t-shirt in my head.
And my mom asked me,``Why do you always take that t-shirt in your head? ''
I said,``Mom, my hair . I'm a girl . ''
I knew how to ambitious.
Gender has always considered an unchanging fact, but now we know that, in fact, it's something more complex and mysterious.
Because of my success, I never dare to share my story, not because I thought I'm going to be a bad thing, but why the world deals with those of us who want to release.
Every day, it will be woman.
I have Mom, Dad and a family that accepted me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There's a Indian god, the girls.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mysteries.
I was in front of the stage and I remember that this beautiful woman appeared to me, and I remember that moment as if something hit me: This is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I was still dressed, I met this woman called T. .
It's the director of a transformative beauty competition.
That night she asked me,``Why haven't you been involved in the beauty competition? ''
He told me that if she was involved in the spending and the baseball spending, and that night, he won in bathroom suit, he won in a gallery suit and there was third line between over 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was within the world of beauty queens.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was from a beauty of women's translatory, but I can.
I also met the goddess goddess, especially when we traveled to remote provinces of the Philippines.
But more importantly, I met my best friends in that community.
In 2001, my mom, who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they passed my request of the green card that could go to the United States.
I was resistant.
I said to my mother,``Mommy, I'm fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty queen . ''
But then, two weeks later, he called me, and he said,``You know, if you moved to the United States, can you change the name and the identity of gender? ''
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested to me that I put two``and"to my name.
She also accompanied me when I operated in Thailand at the age of 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand perform the most prestigious, sophisticated, safe surgery.
At that time in the United States, I needed to do surgery before they changed the name and gender.
So in 2001 I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driving license with the General name and the``F"of female gender.
It was a great moment.
For some people, their identity document means to be able to drive or power, but to me it was the license to live, to feel dignified.
Suddenly, my fears looked at me.
I felt I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and be model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think of this woman of member Netherlands.
A young woman in New York who was worth of his truth, but, deposited, he ended his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality in which they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All 20 of November we do a global surveillance for the Committing Day of the Transitions.
I'm on this stage thanks to a long story of people who fought and stood up to injustice.
These are Marsha P. Johnson and Sylvia Riverside.
Today, right now, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame, or fear.
I'm here, exposing them, so that someday there is no more surveillance from November.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Will you do it?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you . KT Schulz: Gene, a quick question.
Gene Roger: Sure . You'll see, first, thank you all my blessing.
My support network, my parents especially, to my family, who is very strong.
I remember all the times that I've been attending young women, who I've heard, and sometimes, when they call me and tell me that their parents couldn't accept it . I took the phone, I called my mom and said,``Mommy, can you call this woman? ''
Sometimes it worked, others not . It's only gender identity, that's what's at the center of what we are, right?
I mean, we're all assigned by a gender at birth, and what I try to do is to put the table the topic that some times that not block, and there should be a space that allows people to justify, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The transferrened movement is starting compared to the gay movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
There should be understanding.
There should be space for curiosity and asking questions, and I hope you all are my allies.
KS: Thank you . Very nice . GG: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, parents are usually known for their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known for their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Mali started his campaign for education defending their rights in 2007, and when they were hurt their efforts in 2011, when they were hearing the Jewish National Prize of peace, it became very famous, a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, it was my daughter, but now I'm her father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if you look at the history of humanity, women's history is the story of injustice, of inequality, of violence and exploitation.
You see, in patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when you're born a girl, your birth doesn't celebrate.
He's not welcome, not for his father, and his mother.
The neighborhood comes, he gives her connections to the mother and nobody happy to the father.
And a mother is very overwhelmed by having a girl.
When it gives birth to the first girl, the first daughter, it gets sad.
When he gives birth to the second daughter, he gets married, and, with the hope of a son, when he meets his third daughter, he feels guilty as a criminal.
Not only mother suffers, but the daughter . The newborn daughter, when it grows, it suffers too.
At the age of five, when I should go to school, she left at home and the school admit to their siblings.
Until the age of 12, somehow, has a good life.
You can be fun.
It can play with your friends on the street, and you can move through the streets like a butterfly.
But when he comes into adolescence, when he's 13 years old, he's broken out of his house without a male attack.
He's confined to the four walls of their house.
It's no longer a free person.
He becomes the honor of his father and his brothers and his family, and if he translates the code of that honor assumptions, he might even kill.
And it's interesting that this assumptions of honor, not only affects a girl's life, also affects the life of family members of the family.
So this brother, he sacrifice the joys of his life and the happiness of his sisters in the name of the assumptions.
And there's a norm more of patriarchal societies that are called obedience.
A good girl is supposed to be very quiet, very humble and very subtle.
It's the criteria.
The model of a good girl must be quiet.
It's supposed to be quiet, and that you accept your father's decisions and mother and the decisions of the elderly, even if you don't want.
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like or if you marry it with an old man, you have to accept it, because you don't want to be tissue.
If you marry it very young, you have to accept it.
Otherwise you call it destined.
And what happens at the end?
In words of a poet,``They're married, you get it, and then gives birth to more children and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, including the same lesson of obesity to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to his children.
And this vicious circle continues and continues.
Dear brothers and sisters, when Malaysia was born, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like the newborns, to be honest, but when I was there and looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt extremely honored.
And much before I was born, I thought about her name, and I was fascinated with a legendary fight of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malababa from Mainter, and he called my daughter like this.
But when I looked at, they were all men, and I grabbed my pen, and I took a line of my name, and I wrote,``Bad . ''
And when she grew up, when I was four and a half years, I admit it in my school.
You might wonder, why should I mention a girl's admission in a school?
Yes, I must mention it.
You can give it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in poor countries, in patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, it's a great event for life.
Institutional in a school means the recognition of its identity and its name.
A school admission means that he has entered the world of dreams and aspirations where they can explore their potential for their future life.
I've got five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks before, when I was making a Canadian visit form, and I was in the relative part of the family, I couldn't remember the surname of some of my sisters.
And the reason that I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document.
That was why I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give my sisters or their daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the sanctity of my daughter.
I encouraged you to sit with me when my friends came to see me.
I encourage you to go with me to different meetings.
And all of these values, I've tried to instill them in their personality.
And this was not just for her, just for Mal.
I've made all these good values in my school to girls and boys alike.
I used education for emancipation.
I taught my daughters, taught students, to forget the lesson of obesity.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the serious server.
Dear brothers and sisters, we fought more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights and, in particular, for women's rights.
It was called manipulation.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
Girls are banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use candles and stopped going to markets.
musicians were silenced, the graduated girls and the killed singers.
They suffered millions, but few of them spoke, and it was terrifying to have all around those people who killed and they celebrated when you speak for their rights.
It's really terrifying.
At the age of 10, Malaysia lifted up and raised on the right to education.
He wrote a diary for the BBC blog, he offered herself for the New York Times documentaries, and he talked about every platform he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It spreads as a click around the world.
And that was the reason that the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and October 9 , 2012, they were shot into the head.
It was a fatal day for my family and me.
The world became a big black hole.
While my daughter was debating between life and death, I whispered my wife to my wife,``Should I blame me for what happened to my daughter, your daughter? ''
And I was especially told me,``Please don't blame.
They were defending the fair cause.
You put your life on the cause of truth, because of the cause of peace, and because of the cause of education, and your daughter is inspired in you and joined you.
They were both on the right path and God protection . ''
These few words meant a lot for me, and I didn't ask again.
When Mali was in the hospital and had severe pains and strong headaches, because her facial nerve was cut, I used to see a dark shadow that spread through my wife's face.
But my daughter never complained.
I used to say,``I'm okay with my smile, and with the excitement in my face.
I'll get good . Please don't worry . ''
It was a consultant for us, and we were comfort.
Dear brothers and sisters, we've learned from it how to resist in the hardest moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for children's rights and women, it's like any 16-year-old girl.
He cried when he didn't end.
He fights his siblings, and I'm very happy about that.
People ask me,``What's special in my tutor that has made so audacious, so brave, expressed and economic? ''
I say, I don't wonder what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
He doesn't cut their wings, and that's all.
Thank you very much.
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you.
I was operated from the brain 18 years ago, and since that day science has become a personal passion.
I'm engineering.
And I want to tell you that I recently joined myself to the Moonix group of Google, where I've had a division to my office, the division of Google X visualization, but all the work I'm talking about today here about the science of the brain, I made it before I joined Google or outside my work there.
Having said this, there's a stigma when you join a brain operation.
Are you still like smart or not?
If you can, can you be smart?
After the neurosurgeon, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't the gray matter, but it was the dead part of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide how much to take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, die in a few hours.
Every day, over the last 18 years, I've had to decide about combinations and chemistry mix, and try to get them, to follow alive.
More than once I ever saved myself.
But luckily, I have a soul of experimental, so I decided I would experiment to try to get the optimal dose because there really doesn't have a clear map that says it in detail.
I started testing with different mixes, and I was surprised to see how little changes in the doses changed dramatically my autism, my sense of who I was, my thinking, my behavior with others.
A particularly awesome case: for a few months, I tested doses and typical chemicals for a man in the 20s, and I was surprised to see how my thoughts changed.
I was always furious, I thought all the time in sex, and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and -- -- I -- of course, many times in the past I've met several guys like this, or maybe some sticky versions.
It turned out as an extreme.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be arrogant.
In fact, I was trying, such an insecure, to fix a problem that had in front, and it simply doesn't happen.
So I couldn't handle it.
I changed my doses.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and about what they have to go through, and since then I get better with men.
What I tried to do, when I adjust those hormones and neurotransmitters and so on, was to recover my intelligence after disease and operation, my creative thinking, my flow of ideas.
I tend to think almost always in images, and that became my key reference point: How do I get those mental images that I use to create prototypes, my ideas, if you want, testing new ideas and recreating situations.
This kind of thoughts is not new.
Philosophers like smoke, Descartes and Hobbes look at things similar.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
Today there are those who question this idea, and there are many discussions about how the mind works . For me it's simple: for most of us, mental images are fundamental for creative thinking and invention.
So after several years, I get to find the point right, and I have already lots of great mental, really vivid, very sophisticated, strange, structured.
Now, I'm working on how to take these mental images, my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what happens if a movie director was able to use their imagination only to steer the world that has in front?
Or could a musician extract the music of your head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way that creative people can get to the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to do this is simply to increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to getting to this with two recent experiments done by two groups in neuroscience.
They both used MRI technology, images by functional magnetic resonance, to represent the brain . Here you can see the brain scan done by Georgia geese and their colleagues of Harvard.
The column on the left shows the scanning of a person who looks at an image.
The middle column shows the brain scan of that same individual as you can imagine, looking at that same picture.
The column on the right was created by restoring the content of the central column on the left, you see that the difference is almost zero-sum.
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagining to see that same picture is almost nuclear.
Now, let me share another experiment . This is from Jack Galvani's lab in Berkeley, California.
They managed to convert the brain waves into a reasonable visual fields.
Let's put it in this way.
In this experiment, it showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while they were recording their brains to create a great risk of brain reactions in the video of video sequences.
Then I showed you a film with new images, new people, new animals, and while a new scan was recorded.
The computer, using only the brain information of the scan I decided to show what looked like the person was seeing.
You can see the computer drivers, and on the left, the video that I showed you.
This blew us down.
We're right close to doing it.
We only need to improve resolution.
And now, remember, when you see an image, and when you imagine that same image, it's believed in the brain the same map.
This was conducted with the brain scanning systems of the increased resolution, and their resolution was increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we achieve it?
There are many techniques to do that.
One is opening up the skull and introduced electrodes.
I'm not offered to that.
Many are providing new imaging techniques for images, including me, counting with the recent outcome of MRI, first we should ask, this technology will be the end of the way?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger magnets, but at this point, most large magnets only offer small improvements in resolution, not increase by thousands of us as we need.
I propose this idea: instead of larger magnets, we make better magnets.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different arrangements, like making a spiral.
And why does this matter to us?
In the last few years, a lot of effort in the MRI were to make really big magnets, right?
However, most of the recent advances of the recent and brilliant solutions in coding and decoding, in the traditions and frequency receptors and FM in the MRI systems.
At the time, instead of a uniform magnetic field, we use structured magnetic patterns attached to the FM radio frequencies.
So, by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FM radio frequency processing, we can increase massive information that can be extracted in a single scan.
Also, we can then divide in layers our growing knowledge about the structure of the brain and memory to create the increase in the thousands we need.
By using the MRI, we should be able to measure not only the fluid of blood blood, but of the hormones and neurops that I've mentioned and perhaps even the direct neural activity . This is the dream.
We will be able to fly our ideas directly to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could pass over language and communicate directly through thinking?
What would we be capable of?
And how do we learn how to deal with the truths of human thinking without filters?
You thought the Internet is big.
These are big questions.
It would be irresistible to use it as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could take the cure of Alzheimer's disease and similar diseases.
We have a few more options that will open this door.
Anyway, pick a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that I'll take a lot more.
We need to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'll talk to you tonight about coming out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just gay closet.
I think we all have weapons.
Your closet may be to tell some person for the first time you love it or tell someone who's pregnant, or tell someone who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation that you have ever been in life.
It's all a hard conversation, and even though our subjects can vary tremendously, the experience of having lived and having come out of that weapon is universal.
I fear, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
Many years ago, I was working on the South Side Walk caffeine, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through several phases of the intensity of the visible military: I wouldn't throw my armpits, quote the letters of Ann gave France as a lethal.
And I'll be aware that because of the Dutch of my shorts, and for having shave my head, I would ask myself, usually, a little boy,``Hey, are you guys or girl? ''
And it would appear an awkward silence on the table.
I would put my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a blade of rage.
The father would immediately put the newspaper and the mother would launch a cold look at his son.
But I wouldn't say anything, and boiling inside.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that next time I would say something.
It would have that hard conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
\" Are you a boy or a girl? ''
A family silence, but this time was prepared, and I was about to come into the female affairs on the table . I had Betty Friedman quote.
The Gloria Steinem quote.
Even a snippet from the Vagina Monologues I would show.
And then I breathe back and I went down and my backs a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what's not a challenge for a feminist dog, just a girl with a question,``Are you boy or girl? ''
So I would breathe back, and I got out of chairs close to her, and I said,``Hey, I know this is something confusing.
I have a short hair like a guy, and I see a child clothes, but I'm a girl, and you know, as you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable tape.
Well, I'm more than kind of the girl of a comfortable pajamas . ''
And that little girl looked at me, paying attention, and he said,``My favorite pajamas is purple and it has a fish.
Can you give me a park, please? ''
And that was all .``Oh, OK, you're a girl.
What about the park I asked? ''
It was the most easy conversation of all that ever had.
And why? Because the girl of the park and I, both, we were honest with the other.
And as many of us, I've lived in some arms in my life, and yes, often, my walls used to be a rainbow.
But inside, in darkness, you can't know what color the walls are.
You only know how you feel living in a closet.
That's how my closet is not different from you or yours or you.
Surely, I'll give you 100 reasons why coming out of my closet was harder than coming out of your closet, but this is the issue: The hard is not relative.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell me that I'll explain to someone who has declared in a broken bank is harder than saying it has been fooled?
Who can tell me that this story that I think is harder than telling your five-year-old son that you're going to divorce?
There's no more difficult, there's only the hard thing.
We need to stop classification what's difficult to us about what it is difficult for another person to make us feel better or worse relative to our arms, and we should just feel empathy because we all live something hard.
At some point in our lives, we all live in weapons, and they may make them feel security, or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you, no matter what their walls are made, a closet is not a place to live.
Thank you . Imagine yourself 20 years ago.
I, I had a horse tail, a dress and a high heel shoes.
It wasn't the military lesbian ready to fight any four year-old kid who would go into coffee.
I was frozen by fear, I was running in a corner of my dark closet, and I was running my gay fat, and it's just the most scary thing I ever ever did.
My family, my friends, complete strangers that I've spent my entire life trying not to disappoint them, and now the world turned around.
I was burning the pages of a script that we've all followed for so long, but if you don't launch that grain, you will kill you.
One of my most memorable grades was in my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that many of the guests knew that it was gay, and when I made my home lady, in my black dress and tags, I walked around the tables, and eventually I came to one where the friends of my parents were, people who met me a few years ago.
And after I spoke a moment, one of the women screamed,``I love Nathan Lane! ''
And the battle of gay story had started.
\" Huh, ever were you in the Castro? ''
\" Well, yeah, the truth is we have friends in San Francisco . ''
\" Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard it's fabulous . ''
\" Huh, you know my Antarctica style?
It's very good, and it's never talked about having girlfriend . ''
\" Ashan, what is your favorite TV program? ''
Our favorite program?
And you know who we love? Jack.
Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman, puzzled, but in waiting to desperately show his support, to make me know that he was from my side, he finally said,``Well, sometimes my husband uses pink shirt . ''
And I had an opportunity at that time, as you have all the grains of grain.
Surely, it could have been easy to indicate where they felt lower.
It's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were running.
And what else can you ask someone, but to work?
If you're going to be authentic with someone, you have to be prepared for how authentic you get.
That's what the hard conversations are still my strong point.
Ask anybody that I have come out with.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Chicken Girl.
Now, please look at this through gay perspective, but they understand that what it involves coming out of any closet is essentially the same.
Number one: Be authentic.
Take the armor . Be yourself.
That girl in the coffee didn't have any armor, but I was ready for the battle.
If you want somebody to be genuine, others must know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be direct . I'll just get it . They take their patches.
If you know that you're gay, you get it.
If you say to your parents that maybe you could be gay, they would keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more importantly -- leave the complex.
You communicate your truth.
They never apologize for that.
And some of you can go out of safe wounds, let me tell you what they've done, but they never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of you will feel disappointed, but that something in them, not you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not you.
The only story that matters is what you want to write.
So the next time you find yourself in a dark closet, you have a degree, you have to know that we've all been there before.
And you may feel very lonely, but they're not.
Thank you, Boulder . Enjoy the candle.
Intelligence, what is that?
If we look at the story of how intelligence has been seen, a productive example has been the famous quote of Edgar Davis that``The question of whether a machine can think of is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can swim . ''
When Edgar Direct wrote this, he did it as a critique to the pioneers of computing as Alan Turing.
And so a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms of intelligence.
Let's take a step.
We first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine you're from an alien race, which you don't know about the biology of the Earth or neuroscience of the Earth, but you have incredible telescopes and you can see the Earth, and you have incredibly long lives, so you can see the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as terrorists, we know that the reason is that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're from an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, that it doesn't have any concept about the Earth intelligence, they would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how, until a certain time in time, the asteroids that demolished the surface of a planet mysteriously stop doing it.
And so I claim that this is the same question that we can understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that took a number of years ago, I looked at a variety of topics through science, through several disciplines, that they pointed out, I think, to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology, for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally adjusted for the development of intelligence, and in particular, for development of universal states that maximize diversity of possible future.
Finally, in robotic movement planning, there's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so, taking all these different subjects and putting them together together, I asked, for a number of years, there is an underlying mechanism for intelligence that we can extract from all these different themes?
Is there just an equation for intelligence?
And I think the answer is . What you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to an E = = me for the intelligence I've seen.
So what you're seeing here is a statement that intelligence is a force, F, that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or keeping the options open, with a force T, with the diversity of possible future accessible future, yes, up to an impending future time.
In few words, intelligence doesn't like to be trapped.
intelligence is trying to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain open options.
And so, having in account this equation, it's natural to ask, what can you do with this?
How predictive is it??
predicts the level of human intelligence?
Is artificial intelligence?
So I'm going to show you now a video I think, show some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: So recent research in cosmology have suggested that the universes that produce more disorder, or``entropy ,"during their life, they should have trend to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that constant cosmological connection between entropy and intelligence inspires a deeper relationship?
What if smart behavior is not only correlated with the long-term entropy production, but actually emerges directly from it?
To find out, we've developed a software engine called Australia, designed to maximize the long-term entropy production in any system where you find it inside.
Amazingly, entropy could spend multiple animal intelligence trials, play human games, and even make money by trading actions, all of them without being told to do that.
Here are some examples of entropy in action.
Just like a foot human without falling, here we see entropy balance automatically using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable partly because we never gave American a goal.
He simply decided to balance the pole.
This balance skill will have applications for human robotics and human assistance technologies.
This capacity of tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
Also, just like some other animals can cooperate from the opposite extremes of a rope at the same time to release food, here we see that entropy can make a version of the model of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and a variety of other fields.
And entropy is widely applicable to a variety of domains.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game against itself, illuminating its potential for play.
So here we see entropy, orchestral new connections in a social network where friends are constantly disconnected and maintained successfully the net net.
This same network of network also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
Here we see entropy organizing the routes of a ship of ships, discovering successfully and using Panama Canal to expand globally its reach from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, entropy is widely applicable to problems in autonomous defense, logistics and transportation.
And finally, here we see entropy spontaneously discovering and running a strategy strategy, sold in a simulated series of action negotiation, successfully increasing the assets under their management exponentially.
This risk of risk management will have broad applications in finance and insurance.
Alex Western: What you've seen is that a variety of brands of intelligent cognitive human behaviors such as tool use, walking upright and social cooperation, all derived from one equation, which leads to a system to maximize their future freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep irony.
Let's go back to the beginning of the robot's term, the artwork``IUCN"-- there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber rebellion.
Machines are getting up against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all these decades, we've had all the concept of cyber rebellion to the reverse.
It's not that machines first become smart and then twins and they try to take care of the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse to take control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise directly from taking control, rather than being backwards.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the goal.
I often ask myself,``How do you look for goals, you get out of this kind of framework? ''
My equivalent to that statement to happen to the descendants to help them build artificial intelligence or to help you understand human intelligence, is the following: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid restrictions in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We are at a point of inflection in human history, something between the conquest of stars and losing the planet that we call``home . ''
Although, in the last few years, we've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth fits in the context of the universe.
The Kepler's Kepler mission has discovered thousands of possible planets that orbit around other stars, which points the Earth is only one between the billions of planets in our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the lighting intensity of the stars when planets go through them, and they block a little bit of that light that comes to us.
The data collected by Kepler shows the sizes of planets in addition to the distance that there are between them and their stem star.
In fact, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rocks like the terrestrial planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they get from their sun.
And it's a little bit of a little bit about whether these planets that we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this witness of potentially habitable worlds, our own planet is shrinking under the weight of humanity.
2014 was the hottest record.
Glamours and sea ice that have been with us from a millennia now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we have caused at the global scale have rapidly surpassed our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a weather scientist, no astronomer.
I study the ability of the planet influenced by stars, with the hope of finding places in the universe where discovering life beyond our planet.
You could say I look for alien opportunities in the estate sector.
Now, as someone very interested in search of life in the universe, I can tell you that the more I look at Earth-like planets, more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invited a comparison between the newly discovered and the planets that we know best: our solar system.
Take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and rock, and despite being a little further from the Sun, it can be considered a potentially livable world shown this by a mission like Kepler.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past and, in part, that's why we studied so much to Mars.
Our branches like``Curiosity"tracking its surface to search of clues about the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit, like the MRI mission, take samples of the Martian atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose its ability.
private companies now offer not just space flights but also the ability to live on Mars.
But even though all these brand images remind us of the deserts of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with cutting-edge ideas and pioneers, compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the extension of the desert areas of our planet that still remain to colonize, really exuberant places in comparison with Mars.
Even in the driest and most elevated places of the Earth, air is fresh and string of oxygen extended by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement by the colonization of Mars and other planets, I get a big and sad shadow: the implications and the belief of some that Mars will expect there to save us from this infinite self-destructive of the only planet that we know is truly habitable, Earth.
As long as I like the interplanetary exploration, I'm deeply disagreement with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but to say that Mars will be there to save humanity is how to imagine that the Pakistani captain will comment to us that the party of the Titanic will tell us that the party of the fact will have place later in the wild boats . Thank you.
But the targets for interplanetary exploration and terrestrial preservation is not contributing.
No, they're actually faces of the same coin: the goal of understanding, preserving and improving life in the future.
The extreme environments in our world light as extraterrestrial plots.
They're just closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile and unemployment areas of the land, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment: Fermi's paradox.
Many years ago, the English physicist Fermi asked: by having in mind that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there are many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of alien life existence so far.
Well, where are they?
Well, a possible solution to Fermi's paradox is that when civilizations become extremely advanced enough to consider to keep living between the stars, they lose the notion of how important it is to protect the origin of planets that drive this development.
It's arrogant to think that only international colonization will save us from ourselves, but planetary preservation and interplanetary exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to motivate the hostile environments of Mars for human presence, we should be able to overcome the task even easier to preserve the ability on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I saved my own house.
And while I was in the front porch looking at my pockets, I realized I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that was at the dining table, where I had left them.
So fast, I tried to open all the other doors and windows, and they were all right closed.
I thought about calling a street, at least I had my cell phone, but at the midnight, a pottery could take a long time to get, and I was cold.
I couldn't go back home from my friend from Jeff to spend night because I had an early flight to Europe to the next morning, and I was aware of my passport and my suitcase.
It will be expensive, but surely it's not more expensive than a car at night, so I thought, that despite circumstances, it came out well stop.
I'm a professor of profession, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
Library that increases heart rate, model levels of adrenaline, and the thinking is the thinking.
And when I got to the manufacturing show in the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleeping.
And I started asking myself, if there was something that I could do, systems that I could put in place, that prevents bad things happen.
Or at least, if bad things happen, they minimize the likelihood that it's a total catastrophe.
So I got to think about that, but until a month later my thoughts didn't criticize.
I was dinner with my colleague Danny Kapan, the Nobel Prize winner, and a little embarrassed I told him that I broke the window, and I had forgotten my passport, and Danny shared with me that I had been practicing something called prosperity retrospective.
It's something that he learned from the psychologist Gary Klein, who had written this a few years before, known as the printer.
You all know what the show is.
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts comes and trying to figure out what came wrong, right?
In the printer, as Dan explains, you look forward and try to figure out all the things that could go wrong, next, try to figure out what can do to prevent things to happen or to minimize harm.
So what I want to talk about with you is some things that we can do in the form of a printer.
Some of them are evident, others are not so evident.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, you will take a place for the things that you lose easily.
So this sounds common and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis, based on how our spatial memory works.
There's a structure in the brain called hippocampus, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a tracking of the location of important things, where it's good, where the fish are, that puts the fruit trees, where friend tribes live and enemies.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that's being grateful in London's taxi.
It's the part of the brain that allows squirrels to find their nuts.
And if you asked if somebody really did the experiment, they cut the smell of the squirrels, and yet they could find their nuts.
They didn't use smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason to lose keys of the car, reading glasses and passports.
So at home, it's a place for the keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For its passport, a particular crate.
For their reading glasses, a particular festival.
If you take a place, and you're dramatically disposable with your things, you will always be there when you search them.
What about travel?
Take the cell a picture of your credit card, and drive license, passion, send it by email to themselves to be in the cloud.
If these things are lost or stolen, this can facilitate the substitution.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, your brain releases cortisol.
Courtyard is toxic, and it enhances thinking.
So part of the raw practice is to recognize that under stress, we won't be at the best time, and we have to put systems on their site.
And there is perhaps no more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we will all be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved self, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And talk about a very particular medical affect.
But this is written as a forecast for all of medical decisions, and in fact for financial decisions and social decision-making, any kind of decision that has to take from which a rational assessment of facts are going to be benefit.
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says,``I've gotten the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little bit tall . ''
Everybody knows that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, heart attack, stroke brain.
So you're thinking that having the high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says,``I would like to give you a drug that will help you reduce the cholesterol, a state . ''
And maybe you've heard about the states, and you know that it's one of the most prescribed drugs in the world today . It's even likely to meet people who take them.
So you think,``Yes, I get the status! ''
But there's a question that you should do then, a statistic that you should ask from which most physicians don't want to talk, and pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for 9/11, the number needed to treat.
And what is this , 9/11?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or to join a surgery in any medical procedure before you help a person.
And should you think about what kind of a throwaway statistician is that?
The number should be one.
My doctor wouldn't give me something if I didn't help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not a doctor fault, and if it's someone's fault, it's from scientists like me.
We haven't understood very well the underlying mechanisms.
But the Germans estimates that 90 percent of drugs works only from 30 to 50 percent of people.
So the number needed to treat the most widely prescribed state, what do you think it is?
How many people have to take before you help a person?
300.
This is the research of the cynical researchers, Jeremy Grover and Pamela Harvard, confirmed independently by Bloomberg.
I'm exploring the numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid a single heart attack, stroke brain or another adverse event.
Now you may think,``Well, one chance in 300 of bringing my cholesterol.
Why not, doctor? Give me the recipe anyway . ''
But then you should ask for a statistic more, and it's,``Tell me about the side effects ."Right?
For this particular drug, side effects are produced by five percent of the patients.
And those include terrible things: debilitating muscle pain, paradigm pain, but now they think,``Five percent is unlikely to happen to me, still to take the medicine . ''
But a moment.
Remember that under stress, they don't think of clarity.
So, think about how you take this over time, so you don't have to manufacture the reasoning chain in the act.
300 people take the drug, no? A person has helped him, five percent of the 300 have side effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to get rid of the drug that you help the drug.
I'm not saying they should or not take the status.
I just say that you should have this conversation with your doctor.
Medical ethic requires it, it's part of the informed consent principle.
We have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take your risks or not.
Maybe you're thinking I've launched this number in the air for the value of the crash, but actually this number required to treat it is pretty typical.
For the surgery that's more being done in the older men of 50, extraction of prostate for cancer, the number necessary to treat is 49.
That's what it is , 49 surgeries for a person who has helped.
And the side effects in that case are produced by 50 percent of the patients.
Those include impact or erectile dysfunction, urinary inconsistency, rectangle, fecal discomfort.
And if you're lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects only just a year or two.
So the idea of the printer is to think about the question of the questions that you can plant to drive the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all this in the act.
And they also want to think about quality of life.
Because you have an option many times, do you want a shorter life, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain towards the end?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
They can change opinion in the heat of the moment, but at least you're trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases costlict under stress, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that a lot of systems are switched on.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face to face with a predator, you don't need the digital system, or the rain or the immune system, because if your body is spending metabolism in those things, it doesn't react to fast . you might be the lunch of the lions, so none of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is rational logical thinking, like Danny Kahn and his colleagues have shown.
So we have to train ourselves to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all flawed.
We're all going to fail every day.
The idea is to think about the future how those failures might be, to put systems in the place that will help minimize damage, or to prevent bad things to happen in the first place.
Brination at the night of snow in Montana, when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed me a combination of combination next to the door, with a key of the door in the same, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of cards that I haven't ordered, and lots of mail messages that I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized, but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: piano,``P"is my favorite musical symbol.
It means playing softly.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a``P"in the score, you need to play more gently.
Two inches, even more soft.
Four inches, extremely soft.
This is my drawing of a piano tree, and you see that it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of feet, and you can never get to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence: a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system of signs, the ATA, besides a little bit of my own story.
The language of French signs came up during the 1800s, and over the time of time, it merges with local signs, and it's developed the language that we know today as AK.
So it has a story of about 200 years.
I was born deaf . And they taught me to believe that sound was not a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, I realize it's not true for anything.
The sounds are a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sound, it's like I lived in a foreign country, following clearly their rules, custom, behaviors and norms without questioning them.
So how do I understand sound?
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my loudspeakers and amplify sound.
Learning and copied that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds, and I've seen how people respond.
So I've learned, for example.
\" Don't take the door! ''
\" Don't make a lot of noise by eating the potato potato bag! ''
\" Don't mistakes, and when you're eating, it's not going to throw the covers on the dish . ''
All of this is called sound label.
Maybe I think about the sound tag more than the average person does.
I'm super surveillance of sound.
And I'm always waiting with nerves the sound, which is to come next.
From there, this drawing.
TED, for deciding.
TB: TBP.
TBP, for announce.
You can see that the painting has no notes in the lines.
That's because lines contain sound through subtle and blobs.
In deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the sign for penguin in the English.
A typical profile has five lines.
However, to me, doing it with my thumb, it doesn't feel natural.
That's why in my drawings, I only have four lines on paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for artistic resistance there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painter.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries, and as I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the trend, and that called me attention.
There was no visual art, everything was auditory.
Now the sound has come into my art territory.
Is it going to distance me from art?
I realized that it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't only experience through the ears.
I can feel it in touch, or experience it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the sound property and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And all they had taught me in terms of sound, I decided to leave it, and let it go.
I started creating a new job body.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention that I received.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control: social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that sound was oblivious, it was something from a listener person.
And sound is so powerful that it could well be defeated to me and my artistic work, or I could empower me.
I chose to empower me.
There's massive culture around the language.
And only because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me equally and become my voice.
So I'm able to be relevant in today's society today.
So in school, at work and institutions, I work with a lot of different interpretations of Alaska.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be listening.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, when you ask their voices, I am able to keep a temporary form of value, sort of taking a loan with a very high rate rate.
If I didn't continue with this practice, I feel that I could stay in the oblivion and not have any social value.
So with sound like my new artistic medium, deep in the music world.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and AIDS.
For example, a musical note can't capture and express in the paper.
And the same thing can tell you about a concept in AK.
The two of them are very spatial and highly modular, which means that subtle changes can affect all of the meaning both of the signals like sound.
I'd like to share you on a piano metaphor, so you can understand better how the AAA works.
So, imagine a piano.
The ALS divide in many different grammar parameters.
If you assign a different parameters for each finger while you touch the piano, like facial expression, the body movement, the speed, the shape of your body, the speed, the shape of your hand, and so, while you touch the piano, English is a linear language, as if you get just a keyboard at a time.
However, the NSA is more like a chord, you need the 10 fingers in the simultaneous way to express a clear concept or idea in Asia.
If only a key would change the chord, it would create a completely different meaning.
Same thing happens with music in terms of tone, timbre and volume.
In Alaska, using these different grammar parameters, you can express different ideas.
For example, the signal``passenger in that . ''
This is the``passage in that . ''
I'm looking at you.
Let's look at it.
Oh, I was rejected.
Ooh oh.
What are you looking at?
Ah, enough!!
So I got to think, and if I see the NSA through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeat it over and over again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the``day"sign, the sun comes out and put.
This is``all day . ''
If you repeat it and reduce speed, you visually look like a piece of music.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can say``all night . ''
\" All night . ''
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about about three different types of nights,``Night ,"`` over the night ,"`` all night . ''
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in AAA, and how the distance in the body can express changes over time.
For example, one is . It's a hand, two you have . It's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body and the past is in the back.
So, the first example is``a long time ago . ''
Then,``past ."`` Usually used to"and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic idea and dramatic at once,``There was once . ''
\" common time"is a musical term with a specific rate of four times per company.
However, when I see the word``common time ,"I think automatically in``at the same time . ''
See M: right hand, E: left hand.
We have the swamp through the head and the chest.
( Face: M, cloud paw] [In chest: E, my blood paw] I'm going to show you a shape of the hand called``glowing paw . ''
Can you do it with me?
All hands in high.
We're now going to do it in the head like the chest, something like common time or``at the same time . ''
Yes, very well.
That means``love"in the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs of signs around the world.
The second one I'd like to show you is this . Please do it with me again.
And now this.
It means``colonization"in the 21st.
Now, the third . Please take me again.
And again.
It's``lighting"in the NSA.
We're going to do the three together.
\" Love love ,"`` colonization"and``lighting . ''
Good job.
Notice how the three signs are very similar . They all occur in the head and the chest, but they transmit very different meanings.
It's incredible to see how the NSA is alive and prosperous, just like music.
But today, we live in a very computer world.
And only because the NSA has no sounds, automatically it has no social value.
We need to start to question what social value defines and allowing the ALS to develop its own value, without sound.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people will understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn AOL, not to hear to learn music.
The NSA is a rich treasure, and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience from our visual language.
And you never know, you can even fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Dennis Kahara: Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents told me,``You can manage it all, but then you have to clean it . ''
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination took me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in an innocence bubble or a bubble bubble, I have to say, because adults lie to protect us to protect us from the horrible truth.
When I get older, I learned that adults also assume and that they're not very good at cleaning each other.
The time happened, now I'm an adult, and I teach citizens and invention at the Harvard School School.
You don't have to wait so much for my students to walk through the puppy beach with lots of garbage.
So as good citizens, we cleaned the beaches, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if you're, I didn't give it.
It's sad to say, but today more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's kind of creepy.
And in the last decades, we've been coming out with these big bursts and networks, to collect those plastic chunks to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and we collect this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive, and it's also very risky to use those huge boats.
So along with my students, with ages of six to 15, we dream about inventing a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
We started building this working mission with autonomous height so that very low kids can also participate.
And I'll tell you, kids who manipulate electrical tools are feeling great and safe.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to the plastic.
We collect plastic, and we reduce it to the size that we find it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragmentation.
That's what we do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine them in something we hope it works.
So we decided that instead of collecting pieces of plastic, we would only collect information.
Through the use of a robot, we take an image of this plastic -- kids are extremely excited with robots.
Then we quickly created what we call``a prototype . ''
We are so fast in the creation of prototypes that we end before lunch.
And we transform websites and web cameras in accessories, and we assemble it in a floating robot that will slow down by water and by the plastic that we have there, and this is the image captured by the robot.
We see plastic chunks floating through the sensor while the computer at the board process this image and measure the size of every particle, to get an approximate estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
So we document this step-by-step site on a website for inventors called``Instant ,"with the hope that someone's best even more.
The great thing in this project is that the students saw a local problem, and boom, they're trying to fix it immediately.
I can research my local problem, but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed kids.
You see the news, you take the Internet, and you have this picture.
A child, maybe less than 10 years, cleaning an oil spill, only using hands, in Arduino, the largest mangrove rainforest in the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that they drink, it's the water in which they bathe, water where they fish, the place where they live.
You can also see that water is brown, mud and oil is also brown, and when everything gets mixed, it's very difficult to see what's in the water.
But there is a simple technology called space, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a first prototype of a spectrum that can fight through all kinds of substances that produce different species, which can help identify what's in the water.
We outfitted this prototype with a sensor and we sent it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or analyzing a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help remotely help other children.
I can research a problem at a distance, and I was forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little bit further, maybe I would address a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half Japanese and a half French, and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they unleashed several giant waves, called tsunami calls, and those tsunami systems destroyed several cities on the east coast of Japan.
More than 14,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives the nuclear power plant in Fukushima, a nuclear central close to water.
And today, according to the reports, an average of 300 tons are still leaking out of the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, the whole Pacific Ocean has contact charges by So Scottiable.
If we go to the west coast, we can measure Fukushima radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of them, of course, is safe, is blue.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've come back to Fukushima every year since the accident and the research independently with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time, we wanted to take kids.
Of course we didn't take them, the parents didn't afford it.
But every night we reported to the control center -- you see the use of different masks.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously, but they did because they were going to have to live with radioactivity all their life.
Together with them, we discussed the collected data that day and we talked about what we were going to do later, the strategies, the units, etc.
And to do this, we create a rudimentary computer map of the region around the nuclear energy plant.
We created the elevation map, we introduced penguins to represent data in real time of radioactivity, and we broke water to simulate rain.
And with this, we were able to notice that the radioactive dust was leaking from the top of the mountain to the brief system and it was in the ocean.
It was an approximate estimate.
But based on this we organized a civil expedition, the closest to nuclear central to date.
We got closer to a mile of nuclear central, and with the aid of fishermen in the area, we were collecting sediments from the marine milk with a sediment tracking as we invented and built.
Here's a progression: We've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies and very simple codes.
But at the same time, it's been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became a little bit small, so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and we turned it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's at Hong Kong center, and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal, chemistry, a little bit of biology, optics, basically, can be built almost everything there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where children' dreams can become true with adults, and where adults can be children again.
Students: acceleration! acceleration!!
Carlos Harriet: We ask things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy??
For example.
Or can we help in the mobility of the advanced age population transforming its standard wheelchair into new electric vehicles?
Plastic, oil and radioactivity are terrible legacy, but the worst legacy we can leave to our kids are the lies.
We can't afford to protect kids of horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So, scientific citizens, creators, gentlemen, we need to prepare the next generation to worry about the environment and people, and so that it can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin domes, two radically opposite cultures.
One is made from thousands of pieces of steel, the other one of a single silk thread.
One of them is synthetic, the other organic.
One comes on the environment, the other thing creates.
One is designed by nature, the other one.
Michelangelo said that when he looked at the raw marble, he saw a figure that he fought for being free.
The crime was unique to Michelangelo.
But live beings are not bound.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, cells, we take all the information that's required by every cell to work and to replicate.
The tools also have consequences.
At least from the Industrial Revolution, the world of design has been dominated by gangs of manufacturing and mass production.
The assembly lines have made a world made out of parts, and then we have the imagination of trained designers and architects trained to think about their objects as assembly parts with different functions.
But you don't find shapes of homosexual material in nature.
Think about human skin, for example.
Our facial skins are thin with disappeared pores.
The skin skins are more thick with little pores.
You act primarily as filter, the other mainly as a barrier, and yet it's the same skin: there are no parts, there's no assembly.
It's a system that will gradually vary its functionality through the variation of elasticity.
Here's a divided screen that represents my vision of the divided world, twice the personality of every designer and architect to work today between the crime and gene, between the machine and the organism between the assembly and growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and synthesis, is shown in the two screens after me.
My job, at his simplest level, tries to unite these two visions of the world, moving away from assembly and rising growth.
You probably wonder: Why now?
Why wasn't this possible 10 or even five years ago?
We live in a very special moment in history, a rare moment, where they are four disciplines that offers access to access to the tools that we had never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We design objects, products, structures and tools through scales, large-scale, like this robotic arm with a 24 meters of diameter with a boiling base that some day not very far print entire buildings, and graphic graphics made of genetically modified microorganisms that shine in the darkness.
Here we've reinvented the jealous, an ancient Arab architecture archetype, and it has created a screen where each of it is just size to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explored the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt . This was for a Paris's fashion parade with Rita Van Herbie . It's like a second skin made from a single piece, rigid in the contours, flexible around the waist.
Together with 3D printing collaborator, we printed this layer and fake 3D with no seams between the cells . I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combines rigid and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microns.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a C scanner.
That designers have access to this high resolution analytical and synthetic instruments, lets design products that are adapting not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at the structure of the structural, comfortable and also absorbs sound.
Professor Carter, my collaborator, came back to nature to inspire us, and by designing this irregular surface pattern, it becomes a skillfund.
We print this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in stiffness, opportunity and color, correspond to pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, varies its functionality not through the addition of another material or another assembly, but vary continually and definitely material property.
But is it ideal nature?
Aren't there parts in nature?
I wasn't raised in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories about the Hebrew Bible, and one of them came to me and I got to define a lot of what I care about.
As she said,``In the third day of creation, God sent the Earth to grow a fruit loaded tree . ''
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between trunk, branches, leaves and fruits.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land made trees grow trees with branches, cortex, stems and flowers.
The Earth created a world made of parts.
I often ask myself,``What would be the design if objects were made from one piece?
We go back to a better state of creation? ''
So we looked for the biblical material, the kind of material of the fruit tree with fruits, and we found it.
The second most abundant biomechanics on the planet is called tag, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crabs, scorpions and butterflies.
We thought that if we could synchronize their properties, we could generate multi-to-attendant structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it legal marijuana . We asked a lot of shrimp husks, we put them up and we produced said.
Serving chemical concentrations, we've been able to achieve a wide range of properties, from dark, hard and opaque, to light, soft and transparent.
To print the large-scale structures, it was built a system with multiple nozzles of controlled controlled controlled.
The robot could vary the material properties on the march and create these structures made from a single material about a single material , 100 percent recyclable.
When the pieces are ready, they're letting them dry to find a natural way to contact with air.
So why do we keep designing with plastic?
The air bubbles that were an advance of the printing process were used to contain physical microorganisms that appeared for the first time on planet 3.5 billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we were increasing the bacteria genetically designed to capture the atmosphere of the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition without protein problems, and if it gets older, to windows.
A frustrated fruit tree.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of shrimp husks in an architecture that behaves as a tree.
And here's the best part: for objects designed to biodegrade, put in the sea, they will feed marine life, and put on the ground, they will help grow a tree.
The adjust for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We're looking for the possibility of creating clothes to keep life for international travel.
To do that, we need to dominate bacteria and control their flow.
Just as the periodic table, we made our own table of elements: new forms of life created computer, made in an additive way, and increased in biological form.
I like to think of synthetic biology as liquid alchemy, only instead of building precious metals, they synthesize new biological functionalities inside very small channels.
This field is called microphone.
We print our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothing, two microorganisms combine.
The first is the civilization.
It lives in our oceans and in the sweet water ponds.
And the second, E. coli, the bacteria that inhabit the human intestine.
One becomes the light in sugar, the other consumer consumption and produces useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microorganisms don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think about it as evolution, not by natural selection, but evolution by design.
To contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digital tract, to help that they flow these bacteria and they alter their function.
So we started growing those channels in the human body, providing material properties according to the desired functionality.
If we wanted more photosynthesis, we designed more transparent channels.
This portable digital system, when it comes from one extreme to another, about 60 meters.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our thin intestine.
And here it is, as a TEDster, our first photographic photography, bright liquid channels with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shelley said,``We're creative creatures, only half is made . ''
What if design would provide the other half?
What if we could create structures that increase living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, repair the damaged tissue and hold our bodies?
Think about this as a way of editing biology.
I call this material ecology.
For it, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D printer printed material in layers.
You also know that nature doesn't do it.
It grows . adds with sophistication.
This worm of the worm, for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home inside which is metabolized.
The nonprofit manufacturing comes to this level of sophistication.
It does it through combination not two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations.
An act like structure, the other is the glue or the matrix, by putting those fibers together.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm first is lost in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then it starts to run a computer of compression.
tension and compression, the two forces of life, they manifest in a single material.
In order to understand better how this complex process works, we put a small magnet into the head of a silk worm, to the spinneret.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud cloud in three dimensions, and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm.
However, when you put silk worm in a flat patch, not within a box, we realized that it would hurt a flat and still metabolism.
So we started designing different environments, different scaffolding, and we found that the shape, the composition, the structure of the cocoon, is directly transmitted by the environment.
They often boil the silk worms to death within their cocoon, their silk gets rid and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these plants, we could shape the raw silk, without boiling a single cocoon.
They were messy strangely, and we could create these things.
So we climbed this process to the architectural scale.
We had a ridiculous robot making silk plants, and we put ourselves on our site.
We knew that silk worms migrated towards more dark and cold areas, so we used a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we create holes or openness, to block the rays of light and heat, destroying silk worms on the structure.
We were prepared to get the caterpillars.
We asked 65,000 silk worms to an online silk farm.
And after feeding them four weeks, they were prepared with us.
We put them carefully on the lower edge of the scaffolding, and while they were screaming, they were clipping, they were passionate, they put eggs, and life starts again, like us, but much, much shorter.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity, and I was right.
The Dutch silk of biological silk on the robotic silk silk, they give all this pavilion its integrity.
And in a little more than two or three weeks , 6,000 silk worms are 6,000 miles.
In a symmetry, this is also the length of silk route.
The cops, after the ecologist, produces 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 additional pavilions in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A thread silk through a robotic arm, the other fill.
If the last frontier of design is to give life to the products and the buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers have to join these two visions of the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
Here is a new era of design, a new age of creation, which leads us from a design inspired in nature to a nature inspired in design, which demands us, for the first time, we make us charge of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much . Thank you . Thank you.
Raise your hand if you've ever asked you,``What do you want to be more? ''
If you had to remember what age they had when they first asked this?
You can show them with fingers.
Three . Five . Three . Five . Five.
Now, raise your hand if you say,``What do you want to be more? ''
They've caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who never could answer the question,``What do you want to be more? ''
The problem wasn't that I had no interest, but I had too much.
At school, I liked English, the masses and the art and developed websites, plus, played the guitar in a pop-up band called Francer frustrated.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And in general I like to test and persist anyway, for having spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time this feeling of boredom, this feeling of, this is no longer a challenge, it comes to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in something else, something completely different, and I dive on it, and I let me absorb and feel``Yes! I've found my own ,"and then again this point where I start to get bored.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to go into that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first one was because I wasn't sure how I was going to turn this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, deny all of my other passions, and give me to bored.
Another reason why I caused so much anxiety was a little bit more personal.
I worried that there was something wrong with this, and something wrong with me for not defining anything.
I was worried about being afraid of engagement, or being dispersed, or to alter or my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I'd like to ask you something that I'd like to have put back then.
Ask themselves, where they learned to allocate the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it: they learned it from culture.
We're asked first,``What do you want to be more? ''
We're about five years old.
And the truth is that nobody cares about what you answer to that age.
It's considered a naive question to cause nice answers in kids like,``Be an astronaut ,"or``be dancing"or``I want to be a pirate . ''
They insist the Hallman's office here.
This question is done over and over again as we grow up in various forms, P . axis, high school students are asking them to choose in college.
And at some point,``What do you want to be more? ''
It's coming from being the cute exercise from before to what sleep takes us.
Why?
Although this question inspired kids to dream with what they might be, not inspired to dream about everything they might be.
In fact, it does just the opposite, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't answer with 20 different things, even though adult adults are, even though they're fine, they're all right, and they say,``Oh, what nice, but you can't be an artist of violent and psychologist.
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob Church, and he's a artist of violent and psychotherapy.
And this Amy Ng, magazine publisher converted into illustrator, business, teacher and creative directors.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All they hear is they're going to have to choose.
But it's more than that.
The notion of living is very idealized in our culture.
It's this idea of fate or the real vocation, the idea that every one of us has something to spend for their time in this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But what if you're somebody who is not connected in this way?
What if there are a lot of different issues that wake up your curiosity and a lot of different things that you want to do?
There is no place for someone like one in that framework.
And so you can feel just.
You can feel it doesn't have a goal.
And feel there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong with you.
You is a multitasking.
A crowd is somebody with many interests and creative activities.
It's a bite for this.
It could help if it divided in three parts: multiple, potential and day.
You can also use other terms that connect the same idea as a scholar, a resistance.
During the time of Renaissance, the ideal was who was well true in multiple disciplines.
Barbara Shermer refers to us as``scanners . ''
They use any term you like or invent your own.
It seems to me as a kind of kind of adoption to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see multiplication as limitation or addiction that you should beat.
But what I've learned by talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strengths in this way.
Here are three multiple supermarkets.
One: the synthesis of ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and creation of something new in the intersection.
Mrs. Hongran and Rachel King expressed their interests shared in cartography, visualization of data, travel and mathematics and design, by founding Mission.
Kismet is a company that creates geographically inspired jewelry.
Shadi and Rachel came up with this unique idea by its eclectic mix of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in intersections.
That's where the new ideas go.
And the crowds, with all their backgrounds, can access a large amount of these points of intersection.
The second multitasking superpower is fast learning.
When the crowds are interested in something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We're encouraged to be beginners, for having been many times in the past, and this means that we have less afraid of testing new things and coming out of our comfort zones.
Many skills are transferred to other disciplines, and we bring everything we've learned to every new area we pursue, so we rarely start from zero.
Norden donors is a full-time trip and independent writer.
As a pianist girl, they perfect an incredible ability to develop muscle memory.
Now, she is the fastest mechanics.
Before I became a writer, North was financial planning.
He had to learn the easiest sales mechanics when he started his practices, and this ability helps him write compelling launches for editors.
It's rarely a waste of time to dedicate what you're drawn to, even if you finally abandon it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you couldn't have foreseen.
The third multitasking superpower is adaptability, which is to say, the ability to transform anything that is needed in a given situation.
Abe Capitol is sometimes director of videos, other, designer from websites, sometimes consultant from Kickstarter, sometimes teacher, and sometimes, James Bond, sometimes apparently, James Bond.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because he can take different roles, depending on the needs of their clients.
The Fab Magazine Magazine defines adaptability as the most important skill for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so rapidly and unpredictable that they are the individuals and organizations that can pivot to satisfy the needs of the market, the ones that will actually thrive.
synthesis of ideas, rapid learning and adaptability: three skills where multitasking are very adept, and three skills that could be lost if they're prepared to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a big interest in engaging the crowds to be themselves.
We have complex problems, multi-presentainable problems right now, and we need no conventional creative thinkers to address them.
Let's say they are, in your heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly knowing they wanted to be pediatric neurosurgeons.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong with you either.
In fact, some of the best teams are made of a specialist and a marketing marketing.
The specialists can dive deep and put into ideas, and the crowd offers an amplitude of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that are analyzed with the way we're connected.
And unfortunately, in the crowd of the crowd, they're really encouraging them to simply be more like their specialized partners.
Once he said this, if there is one thing that you get from this talk, I hope that's this: reward with the internal wire, whatever.
If you are a heart specialist, then, especially for all media.
That's where you will give the best of it.
But for the crowds in the room, including those who just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes, I tell them: reward with their many passions.
Follow their curiosity for those rabbit sandwiches.
They explore intersections.
embracing our inner wiring leads to a more authentic, happy life.
And perhaps most importantly, multitasking, the world needs us!
Thank you.
In 1991, a woman named Ander took it to a psychiatrist in French.
It would be depressed and couldn't remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Alexander.
Alexander didn't know how to help Anonymous, but I was flying through it until, unfortunately, it passed in 1906.
After his death, Alexander did an autopsy, and they found strange plates and open plates in the British brain of a guy who never saw before.
The most amazing thing.
If I would have been alive today, we couldn't give her more aid than Alexander gave him 114 years ago.
Alexander was Dr. Alexander Alzheimer.
And Ander Design, the first patient to get a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 1900, medicine has advanced a lot.
They've discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infection, many treatments for cancer, antibiotics for HIV, status for the cardiac and much more.
But it hasn't been performed in the treatment of Alzheimer's.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's cure for more than a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million that, by the way, including many of you.
If you expect to live until the age of 85 or more, the possibility to contract Alzheimer's will be almost one in two.
In other words, there's a chance that they spend their golden years with Alzheimer's or helping to take care of a friend or loved Alzheimer's.
In America alone, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical assistance is spent in Alzheimer's disease.
Today it's the most expensive disease, and its cost prevents an increase of five times in 2050, as the generation of the baby baby.
It may surprise you, but Alzheimer's is one of the greatest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's made relatively little to fight it.
Today, one of the top 10 causes of death around the world, Alzheimer's is the only one you can't prevent, cure or even slow its development.
We understand less from Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research than in Alzheimer's research despite the fact that it costs us more than Alzheimer's and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause: the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what few people know, but everybody should: Alzheimer's is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 14,000 years, everybody, even, scientists, confused Alzheimer with aging.
We think that it will be sensitive in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But there's only a picture of a picture of a healthy aging brain compared to a patient's patient to see real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to unleash loss of memory loss and mental skills, damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer's significantly reduces life expectancy, and it's always fatal.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer found plates and strangers in the British brain a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know much about this.
Today we know that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds as an origami.
There are places on the paper that are sticky.
And when it comes well, these sticky dots end in the inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots are in the outside.
This causes the protein molecules to paste each other, forming groups that can form big plates and sheep.
That's what we see in the patient's brain with Alzheimer's.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There are many steps, and the identification of what step block is complex, how to describe a bomb.
It would cut a wire to do anything.
Now, cutting the other can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocked it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, most of the wires have been reduced and waiting for the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, genetics, chemicals, physicists, engineers and mathematics.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process . Now you're testing a new kind of drugs that blocks specifically this step to stop the disease.
I'll show you some of our last results.
Nobody outside of our lab has seen it yet.
Let's look at a few videos of what happened when you tested these drugs in worms.
These are the healthy worms, and you can see that they move with normal.
These worms, on the other hand, have protein molecules that stick each other inside them, as in humans with Alzheimer's.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms at an early stage, then we see they heal and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial outcome, but research as this shows that Alzheimer is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 1,100 years of waiting, there's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to grow that hope, to convince Alzheimer's, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to realize that Alzheimer's disease is a disease, and that if we try it, we can beat it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have raised more research and exercise pressure about governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislators.
That was essential to move forward in the HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to help cancer.
But the Alzheimer's patients often can't talk for themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims, the caregivers of their loved ones day and night, are often too much too disadvantaged to go out and advocate for change.
So, it really depends on you.
Alzheimer is not, in most cases, a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Andersion, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
They help talk to them, and they help demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article in the New York Times column, in January of this year.
To fall in love with somebody, do this.
The article is a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and from my own experience by testing myself one night last summer.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strangers are filled to ask 36 more personal questions, and then both of you look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of examples of example.
Number 12: If you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or skill, what would it be?
Number 28: When was the last time you cried another person?
And just?
As it goes forward, these are increasingly personal.
Number 30: -- this really like it -- Tell your partner what you're grateful about him or she -- I know very honest this time, and I gave things you wouldn't say to someone you've never met.
When I stumbled with this study a few years ago, a detail really called me attention, the gossip that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all of the laboratory to the ceremony.
So, it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but, of course, I was also intrigued.
And when I had the chance to test this study, with someone who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to love.
However, we fell in love, and I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the column Love Modern a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's August, so I guess some of you probably wonder: Do you keep together still?
And the reason I think you're questioning this is because I've been asked by this question over and over again in the last seven months.
And from this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before the article was published, the article was very nervous.
I had been working in a romantic book in the last few years, so I had been encouraged to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog entrance can come to a few hundred views as a lot, and those were usually just from my Facebook friends and imagine that my article in the New York Times will probably reach a few thousands of views.
And that's a good deal of attention in a relatively new relationship.
But as he went, he had no idea.
The article was released online by a Friday night, and the Saturday, this happened in my blog traffic.
And Sunday, I had been called the All Share Star and the Google Commission.
In a month, the article received over eight million visits, and I was, to say something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust writing with a sincerity of our own loving experiences, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news and people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people would call or write, what they did every day for weeks, they were always doing the same question: Are they still together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick quest at the mailbox of my email with the phrase,``Do you still follow together? ''
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were from students and journalists and journalists like this.
I was interviewed in radio and asked it.
Even, I gave a talk, and a woman screamed up to the stage,``Hey Mandela where is your boyfriend? ''
And I immediately got red.
I understand that this is part of the treatment.
If you write about your relationship in an international newspaper, you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the wingspan of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have covered life.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for San Valley, who included readers in the readers by testing the study in them with different degrees of success.
So my first impulse before all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said no to every request that we would both make a public emergence together.
I reject television interviews, and I rejected the pictures of pictures of us two.
I think I was afraid to turn into the international icons of the encourage process, a range for which I didn't feel at all.
And I understand that people didn't want to know just if the study worked, they wanted to know if it really worked: I mean, if it was able to produce enduring love, not only an adventure, but real love, enduring love.
But this was a question that I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship was just a few months, and I felt, especially, people asked the wrong question.
How do you know whether we're going together or not, and I'll tell you?
If the answer was not, would the experience of asking these 36 less interesting questions?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997, and there, the research goal was not to produce romantic love.
Instead, I was looking for to foster interpersonal discovery between university students, using what Aaron called an open-source personal openness, progressive and reciprocal.
Sounds romantic, right?
But the study itself works.
The participants felt closer to doing it . Several positive studies also used the Radio Quick protocol of Adam as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between police members and community, and they've used it among people of opposite political ideology.
The original version of history, which I tried last summer, which combines personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article, but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a little liberal arts university, and then a student came to me and said to me,``I tried the study and it didn't work . ''
He seemed puzzling for it.
And I: Do you mean you love the person who did it?
Well he made a pause.
I think she only wants us to be friends.
And I said,``But became better friends? ''
Do you feel that you did know better after testing the study?
The style.
So, it worked ,"I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled with the study for the first time when I was 29, and I was going through a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I had 20, what I was supposed to practically all my adult life, and he was my first true love, and I had no idea how or he could live without him.
So I became a science.
All I could find about the science of romantic love, and I hoped that that could somehow make the heart win.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment I thought only research for the book that I wrote, but in retrospect, it seems really obvious.
I thought that if I had a knowledge of the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel so bad and I used to feel so bad.
And all of this knowledge has been useful in one other way.
I'm more patient with love . I'm more relaxed.
I have more trust in demanding what I'm looking for.
But I can also see me more clearly, and I can realize that what I'm looking for is sometimes more than what you can possibly tell me.
What I'm looking for of love is a guarantee, not just to be loved today and being loved tomorrow, but that I'm going to continue being loved indefinitely by the person I love.
It may be that this is the guarantee that people asked when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that the media said about the 36 questions is that there may be a shortcut to love.
There may be a way to somehow mitigate something from implicit risk, and this is a very alien story, because it makes us feel wonderfully, but it's also terrifying.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story you ask: Do you still follow together?
And their content with an S or not.
So more than a question, I would propose that we ask questions harder, questions like: How do you decide who deserves your love and who isn't?
How do we stay in love when things are complicated, and how to know when they cut and distance?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably makes a relationship, or even more, how do you live with doubt from your partner?
I don't necessarily know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good start to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone.
So, if you want the short version of the history of my relationship, it's this one -- a year ago, a known and I applied a study designed to create romantic love, we fell in love, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But fall in love is not the same thing as I love.
Now, love is the easy part.
So at the end of my article I wrote,``Love didn't happen . ''
Let's look at we love because we take the choice of being.
And I got a little bit of time when I read reading it now, not because it wasn't true, but because at the time, I hadn't considered all that choice.
It didn't consider how many times we would have both to make that decision, and how much it would have to keep doing that choice without knowing before he would always choose me or not.
I want it to be enough and answer 36 questions, have chosen to love someone so generous, nice and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest newspaper in the United States.
But what I've done instead is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth that I don't really think of.
And what I'm looking for, and what I may spend my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the happy happy ending in the title of my article, which is, in purpose, the only part of the article I didn't actually write.
But what I have instead is the opportunity to choose someone, and the hope that he also love me, and it's terrifying, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by some lines in full mountain, and in a way, I got like a geography of the forest.
New York City a while ago, something that really affected me, but more details later.
I started when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box, and I buried a dollar bill, a feather and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humans or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example how we eat the spaghetti.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it's because here I am , 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
At a given moment, I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from the summer and make surfing and all those weird things -- and I was making a collage for my mother.
And I took a dictionary, and I took all the pages, and I made a kind of square cells in the Air Martin style, the resistant covers, and a bee was trapped.
Well, my mother has fear to bees and it's allergic to them, so I add more resin in the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened: somehow it seemed to increase the size, as if you were to look at the text with a magnifying glass.
So I did? I built more boxes.
This time, I began to add electronic elements, frogs, strange bottles that I was finding out the street, all I could find, because I was looking for things all my life trying to relate them and tell stories about these objects.
So I got to draw around the objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can flow translated, draw the same that it's about a cave on the scene of crime.
And I took the objects and I created my own telecommunication of invented specimens.
First, botanical -- that you can make an idea.
Then I made a few strange insects and creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the resin layers.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was winning some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, going to Sweden.
It was great, man.
At some point, I'm interested in the human form, natural size sculptures of human beings within the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I died.
I didn't know what to do, because the resin was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing in the glass sheets, similar to drawing on a window, then on another window, and another window, and I had all these windows together that they formed a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the resin.
So I did this for years, and my work culture with something very big, that I call``transition . ''
For the``traffic"inspired me in a big way in the Here's Garden of Discovery Bosch, which is a painting in the Museum of the meadow in Spain.
You know?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of time.
Well,``Trade ."You explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
5.5 meters long.
It has double face, so it's 10 meters of composition.
It's a little bit weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left, it's Jesus and lobsters.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation, this infrastructure of analog mesh where they hide.
This is where the creatures with animal heads are headed to the failure, ready to suicide in dough crawling in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised from thousands of elements.
This is a bird god tied to a hunch.
Billy Graham is in the sea; the Hormonon -- the oil platform of the Wall Department -- the Osama Bin Laden shelter, there are all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
Anyway, also a kind of marketing.
It's coming out of the ocean, and it spit oil in a hand while the other hand comes out of clouds.
Their hands are like balance, and it looks like a mythology that keeps the Earth and the cosmos in equilibrium.
So it's a``transition"aspect.
It's a little bit of a narrative.
That's the hand in which I spit.
And then, when you go on the other side, you have a trauma, like a bird peak, and you spit clouds out of this trap.
It also has a $5,500 feet long, a snake tail that joins the``traffic . ''
Anyway, their tail learns fire as a volcano.
I don't know why it happened.
Things that happen, you know.
His tail ends in a clean ocean balloon made from terrorist cards in 1986.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards.
Very ahead of their time . This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects: One is called photographers.
This is a six-year-old project to do 100 of these human beings.
Each one is a file of our culture, through media and material whether they're encyclopedia, dictionaries or magazines.
But each act acts as a kind of file file, and they travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at a time.
They're like cells, they get together, they divide.
And you can walk in between them . It's taking years.
Each one is basically a microscope park that weighs 130 pounds with a human trapped inside.
This has a little cave on the chest.
That's the head; it's the chest, you can enter the entrance.
I'm going to show you for the rest of the body: there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers the penis or non-along, or whatever it is that you have, a kind of random thing.
It's a quick repository of these works because I can't explain to you for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a body game in half.
This has two heads, and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills that come out and enter the head of this strange statue.
There's a little forest scene within the theoretical cavity.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, like the boxes we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box . It's called People People.
Inside this box is a physicist, a neuroscientist, a painter, a musician, a writer, a radio emitter, a museum, a school, an editorial arm that spreads all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We're thinking about the box and all the people inside each other as particles.
And I think that's how we change the world.
When you redefine who you are and the box you're living in.
And together we get to realize that we're all together on this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of countries, from borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and the same box.
And if we don't start to exchange those things with sweetness, we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you hurt your head?
Take a vacuum.
But so that this pill has an effect against pain, first happens by stomach, intestine and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective and inequality system that any serious drug effect effect.
The downside, though, is that when you bring it up, it gets rid of it.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When you take antiretroviral drugs, you're going to be able to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase the concert of CAD cells.
But they are also known for their side effects, mostly negative, because in the time they take to reach the blood current, they spread, and worse still for the time they're taking their destination, which is where it's more important: in the HIV warehouse.
These are regions of the body like the lymph nodes, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is intuitive, and it doesn't easily come in in the bloodstream of the patients who are subjected to regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after treatment disruption, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the great problem of the HIV treatment with the current drugs that is a lifelong treatment treatment.
And one day, I sat down and I thought,``Could we make the treatment directly treated into the warehouse of the virus, without the risk of drugs? ''
As a scientific expert in lasers, the answer was front of me: lasers, of course.
If you're used in dentistry, for wound care and diabetes surgery, you can be used for anything imaginable, including the intrinsic transportation of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open or punch extremely small holes, open and close almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
The best you ask,``How is that possible? ''
We sent a little bit of a laser, powerful beam of cellular membrane about the HIV, while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser through the cell, while the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microseconds.
Before I even notice, the hole is immediately repaired.
We're currently testing this technology in vitro or plates in Beijing, but the goal is to take this technology into the human body, apply it to the human body.
\" How is that possible?"you can ask.
Well, the answer is, through a device of three heads.
With the first head, which is our laser, we will make an incision on the infection site.
The second head, which is a camera, runs the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an injection that distributed the drug, releases it directly into the infection site, while the laser is used again to keep the cells open.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot about time.
But one day, if you succeed, this technology can drive the total eradication of the HIV of the body.
Yeah . A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all HIV researchers -- in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've been studying non-lethal armed groups: armed organizations like terrorists, insurgents or militia.
I document what these groups do when they're not shooting.
My goal is to understand better to these generators of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to nonviolent confrontation.
I do fieldwork, in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solve almost all conflict conflict, because war has changed.
It used to be a dispute between states.
No.
Now it's a conflict between states and non-governmental actors.
For example, from the 260 signed peace agreements between 1975 and 2011 , 1960 were signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we need to understand these groups; we even need to engage them or defeat them in any successful conflict resolution process.
But how do you do it?
We need to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons why they fight, how they do it, but nobody analyzes what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and the nonprofit policies are related.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less to defeat them, without a global vision.
The armed groups of today are complex organizations.
For example, the Herbie Lebanese, known by his violent cooling against Israel.
From his creation in the 1980, Health has also established a political party, a network of social services and military device.
Similarly, the Palestinian Hamas, known by his suicide attacks against Israel, also administration the Gaza Strip since 2007.
So these groups do more than simply shooting.
They're multitasking.
They set up a complex communication machinery: radio stations, TV channels, Internet websites and social networking strategies.
And here's the magazine of ISIS, print in English and published to recruit.
armed groups also invest in a complex fundraising fundraising fundraising, but through cost-effective businesses, for example, construction companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand.
armed groups also do something else: create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they manage hospitals, they put a professional background programs or a microscope program.
Here's all these services and more.
armed groups also try to conquer the population by offering something that the state doesn't provide: security and protection.
The ascent of the Taliban in an Afghan destroyed by war or even the principle of the rise of ISIS, can also understand the efforts of these groups for security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the U.S. electoral victory of the Palestinian Hamas cannot understand without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex scenario, even in the West, when we look at armed groups, we only think about the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are hybrid.
They grow because they fill gaps left by government, and they emerge as armed groups and political groups, they participate in violent struggle and they give governance.
And the more complex and more sophisticated ones are these organizations, less we can categorize them as a state.
How do you call a group like Herbie?
They dominate part of a territory, they manage all their functions, they collect garbage, they manage the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a rebel group?
Or maybe it's something else, something new and different.
And what is ISIS??
The lines are driving.
We live in a world of states, with no state and hybrid, and the weaker states are the states, as in the Middle East today, more intervene and fill that gap the non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to counteract these groups, they will have to invest more in military tools.
filling that government gap has to be at the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important also to establish and consider peace.
If we get better to armed groups, we will understand better what incentives to offer the transition of violence to nonviolence.
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors, military power can win some battles, but it won't give us peace or stability.
To achieve these goals, we need long-term investments to fill that security vacuum, to fill that governance vacuum that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are verbs, but I fear that accepting openly the tag of``feminist"would be unfair for feminist.
I'm a feminist, but pretty bad.
And therefore I get stuck like a bad feminist.
Or at least I wrote an article, and a book called``The Bad feminist ,"and then in the interviews, people started to call me the Mall Family.
So what started as a personal joke destined to myself and a deliberate cause, has become something bigger.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth, and at the age of 20, I had strange ideas about the feminist, these hairy women, angry with men who hated sex, as if that was something wrong.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, seems a perfectly reasonable answer.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that I was using people who could be feminist.
Being labeled as a feminist was an accusation, a word taboo and nasty.
They tagged me as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, that ask too much self-esteem and dare to believe that it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman, until he realizes that it's actually that woman and can't imagine being another person.
Eventually, as I was growing up, I began to accept that I am, in fact, feminist, and also, proud of being.
For me, certain claims are unexpected: women are equal to men.
We deserve the same paycheck for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, free of harassment or violence.
We have right to use easily and accessible antibiotics and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, without needing legislative control or developers.
We have the right to respect.
There's more.
When you talk about women's needs, you have to have to account our other identities.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, expression of gender, religion and sexuality, social condition, skills and much more.
We need to have in account these differences and how they affect us in the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion, our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are evident, but to be clear: I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There are a lot of things that make me a bad feminist.
I have another confession.
When I drive the work, I hear a rap music gang to all volume.
Although the letter degraded the women, and it profoundly offends me, the classic``Salt Shark"from the Ayn Yang Twitter is incredible.
\" Make it reality with your wet t-shirt.
Sorry, give it, move until you hurt you! ''
Think about it.
Purpose poetry, right?
I'm completely mortified by my musical taste.
I firmly believe in man's work, which is all I don't want to do, including -- all the domestic tasks, but also kill insects, garbage collection, lawns care and machinery maintenance.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy fashion magazines and good things.
I can see``The bacterium"and the romantic comedy, and I have absurd fantasies of the fairy stories that are actually made.
Some of my crimes are more discarded.
If a woman wants to adopt his husband's applause, it's their choice, and I'm not who to judge.
If a woman decides to stay home to raise their children, I accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is wired in a way that makes women economically vulnerable when they choose.
We solve this problem.
I reject the conventional feminism that has ignored or dedicated historically the needs of color women, workers, gay and transgendered, in favor of white, heart, middle class, high class.
Listen, if that's good feminist, I'm a very bad feminist.
It also happens: As a feminist, I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put photographers stuck in a pedestal.
We hope that they will stop perfection.
When we get disappointed, we put them up with a lot of taste from the same fish where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster; I've already been aware of that pedestal before you try to get there.
Too many women, particularly innovators and sector leaders, are afraid to be labeled as feminist.
They're afraid to stand up and say,``Yes, I'm feminist"by fear to what that sticker means, for fear to not be able to fulfill with little realistic expectations.
Take the example for example, or as I call it, the gods.
In the last few years, it's a declared feminist.
In the Web Music Agnes of 2014, at MTV, it was now in front of the word``feminist ,"from three meters tall.
It was a magnificent show, looking at this pop star openly embracing feminism and making women know, and young men who will be feminist is something to be proud.
Spend the time, cultural critics began endless debates if Beijering was or not exactly feminist.
They rating their feminist, instead of simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demand perfection of the feminist, because we're still struggling for a lot, we want a lot, we need so much of it so much.
We go far beyond the critical and constructive criticism to design the feminist of any woman, to destroy it until there's nothing left.
We don't need to do that.
Bad feminism, or rather, a more inclusive feminism is the point of departure.
But what happens next?
We went from recognizing our imperfections to realize, going to action and being a little bit more courageous.
If I hear degrading music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy providing an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until we have the change effectively affecting their profits.
It's certainly hard.
Why has its music that will be so picky?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions are justify, this makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my nieces, three and four years.
It's two wonderful, decided, brilliant girls, and also very brave.
Where they are appreciated by the strong creatures they are.
I think of them, suddenly, the best option is visitor as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program deals with sexual violence against women as sport, it's the Garba Game.
We can change radio emitter when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to the movie elsewhere when movies don't treat women more than decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their peers as boxing sacks.
In any case, men, especially white men, can say,``No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, participate in your project, or work with you, until you don't include enough women's number, so much to participate to make decisions . ''
I'm not going to work with you until your publication, or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are survived, but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also deny to be included until more as we are welcome to overcome the barriers.
We're not worse anymore . Without these efforts, without adopting these positions, our achievements are going to mean very little.
We can make these little bits of courage and expect our decisions to get to the top, the people in the directors and the film producers and the music, the CEOs, the people who can make great decisions, more courageous, to create a lasting and meaningful change.
We can also argue with our feminism, good, bad, or anything.
The last line of my book``Bad feminist ,"he says,``Would be a bad feminist to not be at all . ''
This is true because of many reasons, but I say, especially, because I had my voice stolen, and the feminist helped me to get it.
There was an incident.
I call it incident to address what happened.
A few guys folded me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
They treated me as if it was nothing.
I began to believe that it was nothing.
They stole my voice, and after all I didn't believe me I could say something that could matter.
But -- I was writing.
And with it, I went back to writing.
It recruited me in a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and women who looked like me and understand what it meant to live in this world if you have brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that was nothing.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write as myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and feminism, I also discovered that if it was a little brave, another woman could hear and see me, and realize that none of us is the nothing that the world tries to tell us we are.
In a hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I hold the humiliating reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist, I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my thinking, what I say and what I do, without leaving everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope that we can all be a little bit brave, when you get such a value.
Just after Christmas last year , 130 children in California had a measles for visiting Disneyland or being exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then through the border with Canada, infected over 100 children in Quebec.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that measles that can be fatal for a child with a weakened immune system, is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There's an effective vaccine against this for over half a century, but many of the children involved in the Disneyland outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something supposedly worse: autism.
But wasn't it a moment, wasn't the article that unleashed the police of autism and vaccines, described and marked by being a fraud deliberate by the British Medical Journal?
Don't you think most intelligent scientists that vaccines cause autism is a stupidity?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents around the world are still afraid that vaccines put them in danger to their children.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the estimates of autism increase over time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician I had heard about it believed to develop all their professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, prevalence estimates followed just three or four children per 10,000.
But then, in the 1990s, the numbers started shooting.
Framework fundraising organizations like autism Spaces are routinely referring to autism as an epidemic, as if it could make another child in Disneyland.
What's going on?
If you're not vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people at the Center of Anthony Disease Control, what's happening, they tend to be based on phrases like an expanded diagnostic criteria and``a better detection of cases"to explain these growing numbers.
But that kind of language doesn't dissipate the fears of a young mother who looks at the face of their two-year-old, visual contact.
If the diagnostic criteria had to expand, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s?
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less to do with slow progress and calculating of science than with the power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is, and how it was discovered, but that story turned out to be false, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact in global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had been lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature.
This second story tells us everything about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist, Leo Kangage, from Johns Hopkins Hospital . In 1947, Kenya published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to be able to inhabit private worlds, denies people around them, even their own parents.
They could be fun for hours by shaking their hands in their faces, but they were prey of the panic of the often as when they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
On the basis of patients treated in their clinic, Kangagan speculated that autism is very rare.
In the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the subject, I declared that he had seen less than 150 true cases of their syndrome while he collected references of places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not surprising, because the Canadian criteria for autism diagnosis were very restrictive.
For example, I would take that diagnosis to children with convulsions, but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism.
He once realized that he had turned to nine out of every 10 children sent by other doctors to their office for autism without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
sand was a smart man, but part of his theories were not certainty.
It classify autism as a form of child psychosis caused by cold and discarded parents.
These kids, he said, have been kept carefully in a refrigerator that doesn't dismiss.
At the same time, yet, sand noticed that some of their young patients had special skills that are clustered in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphony before the two years.
When her mother put one of his favorite records, he properly said,``Beethoven . ''
But Kenya had a bad opinion of these skills, saying things like kids were simply remembering what they had heard of their parents who were desperate, desperate to win their approval.
As a result, autism became a source of embarrassment for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible for the world in general.
Amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s that researchers began to test the sand of sand that autism was weird.
Lionel Wi-Fi, cognitive psychologist from London, thought that the theory of the novel mothers from Kenya was pretty stupid.
She and her husband John were warm and affectionate, and they had a deep autistic child called Susie.
Linda and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Russia without support services, without special education, and no access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Health Service that they needed more resources for autistic kids and their families, Lionel and their colleague Judith Gould decided to do something that should be done 30 years before.
They made a study of prevalence of autism in the general population.
They had a London suburb called Chember to try to find autistic kids in the community.
What they saw was clear that the Kenyan model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some children couldn't talk at all, while others were cooled in their fascination by astrophysics, in dinosaurs or in the genealogy of it.
Otherwise, these kids didn't fit in nice and stressed boxes, as Judith said, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the monolithic model of Kenya would have predicted.
At first, they were lost for trying to make sense of their data.
How did no one had been paid from these kids before?
But then Luria found a reference to an article published in German in 1944, the next year to the Kanzi article, and then I forgot, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Panbanisha knew about this article of competition, but he avoided systematically to mention him in his own work.
There was not even an English translation, but luckily, the Lord husband spoke German, and he translated it for her.
The document provides an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Asperger, who led an integrated clinic with an internal school in Vienna in the 1930s.
The ideas of Asperger for teaching children with learning differences were progressive even for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic began with music exercises with music, and the kids followed their games on Sunday afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents to cause autism, Asperger described it as a political disability of life that requires compassionate forms of support and spaces adapted during the course of life.
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients, Asperger called them their little teachers, and they were dedicated to help in the development of education methods that were particularly suitable for them.
And fundamentally, Asperger saw autism as a diverse continuum that took an amazing variety of donations and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common, and they've always been, seeing aspects of this continuum in archetype known in the pop culture as the social social scientist and Professor displayed.
He was beyond even saying, for success in science and art, a pizza of autism is essential.
Linda and Judy found that Kenya was wrong when autism was infinite, as well as parents were the causes.
In the next few years, they worked silently with the American American Association to expand the criteria of the diagnosis that they would reflect the diversity of what they called``autistic spectrum . ''
In the late '80s and early '90s, their changes came in the post, replacing the limited model of Kenya by a broad and inclusive Asperger.
These changes didn't fall in broken rain.
So, coincidentally, when Lionel and Judy worked between the buses to reform these criteria, people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before I'd come out,``Rain Man"in 1988, just a little circle, encouraged by experts, knew what autism was, but after the incredible act of Dustin Hoffman, like Rand Babbage and the recognition of``Rain Man"with four awards of Academy, pediatrician, psychologists, teachers and parents around the world knew what autism was.
At the same time, the first easy clinical trials were introduced to use autism.
He had no longer having a connection with that little circle of experts to achieve a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of``Rain Man"changes, and the introduction of these evidence created a network effect, a perfect storm of autism awareness.
The number of diagnoses began to rise, like the line of logic and Judith, in fact, expected me to be, making people with autism and their families finally got support and services they deserve.
So Andrew Wagenon came to blame the vaccines for increases in diagnosis, a simple, powerful, service history as bad as the Bangalore theory that autism was cool.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one in 68 children in America are in the spectrum, it's right, autism is one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have joined on the Internet to reject the idea that they are puzzles to solve for the new medical advances, running the term``neuroscience"to celebrate the varieties of human cognition.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think of terms of terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows, doesn't mean it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distributed, obviously social, and it suffers from an attention deficit to detail.
Definitely, autistic people have difficulties to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still achieving Asperger, who believed that the cure for the most disabling aspects of autism are in understanding of teachers, employers with capacity, support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named Boris Zags once said,``We need all the hands in covered to deliver the ship of humanity . ''
As we browse a uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste or a brain.
Thank you.
