You know what I do is write for kids , and in fact , I 'm probably the author for children , I was more read in the United States .
And I always tell people that I do n't want to look like a scientist .
I can wear as a farmer , or with leather clothes , and nobody has chosen a farmer .
I 'm here to talk to you today about circles and <unk> .
And you know that a epiphany generally is something that fell to you somewhere .
You just have to turn the apple to see it as a epiphany .
That 's the painting of a circle .
A friend of mine did that -- Richard <unk> .
It 's the kind of complicated circle that I 'm going to talk about .
My circle started in the middle school in the middle school , <unk> , Ohio where I was the rare class .
By the time she was leaving to bleed every week in the bathroom , until a teacher saved my life .
She saved my life when I was going to go into the bathroom bathroom .
I made it in secret .
For three years .
And I had to go from the city .
I had a thumb , and 85 dollars , and I ended up in San Francisco , California -- I found a lover -- and in the 1980s , I felt the need to start working on organizations fighting AIDS .
About three or four years ago , in the middle of the night I got a phone call from that master 's phone phone , the lady who said , `` I need to see you .
I 'm disillusioned that we 've never got to know ourselves .
You could <unk> it to Ohio , and please bring that man that you 've already found .
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer , and I 'd like you to join you with this please . ''
Well the next day we were in Cleveland .
We went to see we were laughing , we cried , and we realized that she needed to be <unk> .
We found a place , the <unk> , and we take care of it , and we take care of her family , because it was necessary .
We knew how to do .
And so as the woman who wanted to know me as an adult came to me , he became a box of ash and was put in my hands .
And what happened was that the circle had closed , it had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I told you was made in itself .
<unk> is that death is part of life .
She saved my life , my partner and I save her .
And you know that part of life needs everything that the rest of life .
It needs truth and beauty , and I 'm very happy today that I was talking a lot about this .
It also needs -- it needs dignity , love and pleasure , and it 's our job to provide those things .
Thank you .
As an artist , the connection is very important for me .
Through my work , I 'm trying to express humans that humans are not separate from nature , and it 's all interconnected .
I was for the first time to Antarctica about 10 years ago , and there I saw my first <unk> .
I was amazed .
My heart can , I was <unk> , trying to understand what was in front of me .
I <unk> my <unk> around the water , almost 60 meters , and I could n't even think that it was a snowflake about another <unk> <unk> one year after year .
<unk> are born when they fall off the glaciers or break the walls of ice .
Every iceberg has its own individual personality .
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences .
Some people refuse to give up and hold on to the end , whereas others ca n't stand it more and they 're engaged in a kind of dramatic passion .
It 's easy to think , when you see a iceberg , which are isolated apart and alone , largely as we see ourselves as humans .
But reality is all the opposite .
As you melts a iceberg , I 'm breathing its ancestral atmosphere .
As a iceberg releases rich water into minerals that feeds many forms of life .
I come up to photograph these <unk> as if it was the portraits of my ancestors , knowing that in these unique moments , there are that way and will not come back in that way again .
It 's not death when you melt ; it 's not a end , but a continuation of its way through the cycle of life .
And some of the ice 's ice , which I 'm photographing is very young -- has a couple of thousands of years .
And another part of the ice has over 100,000 years .
The last pictures I 'd like to show you are a iceberg who photographed in <unk> , Greenland .
It 's unlikely to actually be able to see a rolling iceberg .
Here they have .
You can see the left a little boat .
It 's about five meters .
And I 'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your <unk> line .
You can see here , it starts rolling , the ship has moved to the other side , and the man is standing there .
This is a iceberg iceberg , average size .
It 's about 120 feet to about 120 feet .
This video is in real time .
And so <unk> , the eardrum shows a different side of your personality .
Thank you .
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979 , the same day , exactly at the same time , every single baby .
So two couples each with a baby .
I do n't want you to stop too much in the details of conception , because if you stop thinking about conception , I 'm not going to pay attention .
Let 's think about that for a moment .
And on this stage , I want you to imagine that , in one case , the chromosome and the sperm gets together to the X X chromosome .
And in the other case , the X chromosome from sperm gets together to the X X chromosome .
Both of them are starting life .
We 'll go back to talk about them later .
In my ground activity , I 'll get two roles .
In one of my roles , I work with the story of anatomy .
I am <unk> , and what I study in this case is the way people came up with anatomy -- and human bodies and <unk> , how they 've considered the body fluids , the idea of the body , what have you thought about the body .
The other role that performance in my work is an activist , as patients advocate , or as I say sometimes , <unk> people who are medical patients .
In this case , I 've worked with people whose physical features challenge social norms .
I 've been working , for example , with <unk> twins , two people inside the same body .
I 've worked with people with <unk> ; people much lower than the average .
And I 've worked with many cases of people with outlier sex , individuals whose physics did n't fit into male <unk> and female schemes .
In general lines , we can call it <unk> .
<unk> takes a lot of shapes .
I 'm going to put a few examples of ways to have a sex that would n't be engaged in male or female forms .
For example , there 's the case of the individual , with an XY <unk> basis whose gene <unk> gene says to the <unk> , that we all have in the fetal life , which are testicles .
And then in the fetal life , the testes are producing testosterone .
But because this individual lacks testosterone , the body does n't react to the same .
It 's the <unk> syndrome .
So , there 's high levels of testosterone , but no reaction .
As a result , the body develops on a course of the course of the course of the world .
When you 're born , the baby looks like a child .
It 's a girl . He 's raised as a girl .
And often , it 's not , but to puberty , when it 's growing and developing breasts , but it does n't have the menstrual cycle , when somebody realizes something 's going on .
After doing him exams , you realize that instead of having a uterus and uterus , it actually has testes and a chromosome .
The important thing to understand is that you can think of a man , but it 's actually not that way .
Women , like men , we have the body something called <unk> glands .
They 're in the back of the body .
<unk> glands produce <unk> , the <unk> hormone .
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman ; it does n't know their <unk> structure ; I believe being a typical woman , most women like me are sensitive to <unk> .
We 're producing <unk> , and we respond to them .
As a result , somebody like me has the most exposed brain that the woman who was born with testes , which has the <unk> syndrome .
That 's why sex is complicated . It 's not that the <unk> are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways they can be everywhere .
Another example : a few years ago , I got a call from a 19-year-old who was born and raised as male ; he had girlfriend , and sex with her sex with her , he was wearing a life as a boy , and I had just found that he had a life and uterus .
I had an extreme form of a disease known as <unk> <unk> .
He had the spinal chromosomes and the uterus <unk> were so active that essentially created a male environment .
As a consequence , its genitals were <unk> , his brain was exposed to the hormone component typically .
He was born as a child ; no one <unk> .
And it was at age 19 , when he started having medical problems caused by the internal menstruation , when the doctors found that , in fact , she was a woman inside .
Well , another example of a case of <unk> .
Some people with 20th chromosomes develop what 's known as <unk> , which is , they have <unk> tissue wrapped up in <unk> tissue .
We do n't know why that happens .
So there are many varieties of sex .
The reason that kids with these kinds of bodies are <unk> , <unk> twins , or <unk> , are tested surgery is not so that they can have a better physical health .
In many cases , people are perfectly healthy .
The reason they were tested for several surgeries is that they 're a threat to our social categories .
The system is based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings out a particular identity .
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity ; supposedly , being black means having an African anatomy in historical terms .
A <unk> idea .
And when you give us a body that shows something quite different , we have problems with <unk> .
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about <unk> .
Our nation is based on a very romantic <unk> concept .
Imagine how amazing it is to have children who are born like two people inside the same body .
The top case is last year with the South African runner <unk> <unk> ; he put his sex in the <unk> of the Berlin <unk> .
A lot of journalists called to wonder , `` What tests are you going to do to determine whether <unk> is man or woman ? ''
And I had to explain to the journalists that there is no such examination .
In fact , we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature does n't plot a <unk> line between men and women or between men and <unk> and women and <unk> , and we draw that line .
So , what we have is a situation where the more we go into science , the more we have to admit that these categories were stable anatomical categories that were directly embedded with <unk> categories -- are much more <unk> than we thought .
And not just in terms of sex .
Also in terms of race , something which is much more complicated than the terminology to allow .
As we see , we go into a rough terrain .
So , for example , for example , the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees .
What about the <unk> of them in just a few nucleotides ?
And as we moved in science , we get more and more in an awkward area where we have to recognize that simplistic categories that are likely to be too simplistic .
And we 're looking at this in all walks of human life .
One of them , for example , in our current culture , in the United States today , are the struggles in the beginning and at the end of life .
It 's hard to set up a moment from which a body becomes human and has different rights to the <unk> .
There are very heated discussions today , not in public , but I know within the <unk> of it , when someone is considered dead .
Our ancestors never had to deal with this question of whether somebody was dead .
As a lot , they put a pen in front of his nose , and if he moved still to not <unk> .
If he stopped moving the <unk> .
But today we can , for example , extract organs from a body and put them into another body .
And as a result , we have to deal with the dilemma of understanding someone 's death , and this is placed in a difficult situation that we do n't have simple categories of the past .
And maybe think that this explosion of categories could be happy to someone like me .
In politics , I 'm progressive , asking people with unusual bodies , but I have to admit that I got nervous .
They would argue that these categories are much more fragile than we were thinking about .
It was <unk> from the point of view of democracy .
And to tell you about this tension first , I have to admit that I 'm a fervent fan of the Nigerians themselves .
I know they were racist , I know they were <unk> , but they were big .
I mean , they were so brave and bold and so radical in what they did , that I find myself so much looking at that <unk> music , and not by music , which is totally <unk> .
That 's why it happened in 1776 with the Emirates .
Parents themselves were , for me , the first activists of anatomy and explain why .
And what they would reject was a anatomic concept , and I would interact with another that was radical and beautiful , and kept it for 200 years .
And , like everybody remember , what our dads would reject our acuity was the idea of monarchy . The monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy .
The monarchs of the old world did n't know DNA , but they had clear the idea of birth of birth .
They had the concept of blue blood .
They were from the idea that the political power was coming from the law of the blood passed from grandfather and then the son , and so on .
Parents refused that idea and replaced by a new concept and that concept was that all men are created equal .
They set out the game field , and they decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common and not the anatomical differences . That was very radical .
And in part they were doing it because they were part of a <unk> system where two things were happening .
It was happening democracy and at the same time was born science .
And it 's very clear , if you look at the story of the Victoria , which many were very interested in science and in the idea of a <unk> world .
They were <unk> out of the supernatural explanations , and therefore reject the concept of supernatural supernatural power through a vague idea of birth to birth .
They were moving towards a <unk> concept .
And if you look , for example , the Declaration of Independence , they talk about nature and the god of nature .
They do n't talk about God and the nature of God .
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are .
And then we were passing the idea of the <unk> coincidence .
And by doing that , they were laid the foundations of the Civil Rights Movement .
They did n't think that way , but they did it for us and it was great .
And what happened years later ?
And the women succeeded .
Then he came the success of the Civil Rights Movement with people from the <unk> <unk> <unk> , who said , `` I 'm not a woman ? ''
We found men in the Civil Rights Movement by saying , `` I 'm a man . ''
Again , people of color that <unk> the coincidence of the <unk> , and again , succeeded .
We see the same with the Movement of the <unk> .
The problem is , of course , as we look at coincidences , we have to start asking ourselves why we keep certain divisions .
But , attention , I want to maintain some anatomical divisions in our culture .
For example , I do n't want to give a fish the same rights to a human .
I do n't want to say that we should deal with anatomy .
I do n't mean that at five years old , I do n't want to have sex with sex or marry .
There are some anatomical divisions that have felt meaning and that I think we should keep .
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are , why keep it and if they make sense .
Well , let 's go back to those two sentient beings at the beginning of this talk .
We have two beings , they both pick them in the middle of 1979 exactly the same day .
Imagine that one of them , Mary , was born three months before , : June 1 , 1980 .
Henry , on the contrary , was born on the March 1 , 1980 was born .
For the only fact that I was born three months before Mary are attributed to all the rights three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent , the right to vote , the right to <unk> .
Henry has to wait for all that , not because I have a different biological age , but because it was born later .
We find other oddities in relation to their rights .
Henry , by virtue of being considered a man -- if I did n't tell you if it 's <unk> , by virtue of being considered man now is <unk> from the mandatory <unk> that Mary does n't have to worry about .
Mary , it does n't have the same rights to marriage than Henry in all states , for example .
Henry can marry all states with a woman , but Mary can marry a woman just in some states .
So they still ran categories of scenarios that are unprecedented and questionable .
And now the question is : What do we do now that science moved so much in the field of anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on anatomy could go ?
I do n't want to give up science , but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is escapes .
Where are we going ?
It seems that what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude , `` Well , we have to draw the line somewhere , so we 're going to do it . ''
But many people have caught up in a rare position .
For example , Texas at some point has decided to marry a man , you do n't have to have Y Y , and to marry a woman , you have to have Y chromosome .
Now , in practice do n't do exams with people .
But this is also very strange given to the story that I told you at the beginning of the <unk> syndrome .
If we look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy , Dr. Martin Luther King , in his speech `` I Have I Have a dream '' offers a solution .
It says that we should judge people , `` based on the color of their skin , but in the content of their character , '' going beyond anatomy .
And I want to say , `` Yes , the idea looks very good . ''
But in practice , how do you do ?
How do you judge people based on their character ?
I want to point out also , I 'm not sure that I 'm not sure we should be able to deal with this to give them rights to people , because I have to admit that I know about some <unk> <unk> that are probably deserve the social services than some humans I know .
I also want to say that maybe some of the <unk> that I know can make more informed , intelligent , mature decisions about their sex relationships than 40 I know .
So how do you put in practice the theme of character content ?
It 's very difficult .
And one part of me wonders what if the character of a person could in the future will be measured with an instrument , maybe with an MRI .
Do we want to get to that point ?
I 'm not sure where we go .
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States will continue to drive this current thinking relative to democracy .
We 've done a good job in defense of democracy , and I think we 're going to do a good job in the future .
We do n't live , for example , in a context like the Iranian in which a man who feels attracted by other men is susceptible to other men , unless he 's willing to submit to a sex shift , in which case it 's allowed to live .
We 're not in that situation .
I 'm glad to say that we do n't have a context like a surgeon who talked to a couple of years ago that I 'd made a couple of a couple years ago that I 'd made a <unk> light to then pick it out , and then they would pick up his fame .
But when the phone was asked by the phone , he was a very <unk> operation , he told me that in that other country , these kids would be very abused , and so I had to do it .
I said , `` Well , it 's considered political asylum instead of a surgical separation ? ''
The United States offers huge possibilities to people to be who they are not <unk> to change by the sake of the state .
So I think we have to be in the head .
Well , to finish , I mean I 've been talking a lot about the Parents .
And I want to think about how democracy would be , or as it might have been , if we had given more participation to the mothers .
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist , and that is that I think there may be different ideas coming from different anatomical pieces , in particular if there are people thinking about group .
For years , since I 've been interested in <unk> , I 've also been interested in doing the sex difference .
And one of the things that has interested in the differences between men and women in terms of thinking and operating in the world .
And what we know about <unk> studies is that women , on average , not all , but in <unk> tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and care about those who are <unk> within the group .
And if we think about that , we have an interesting situation in our hands .
So years ago , when I was in graduate , one of my advisers who knew I was interested in feminism <unk> , I was considered to myself a feminist thing , like <unk> asked me .
`` Tell me what feminism has about female . ''
And I thought , `` It 's the stupidest question I 've ever heard .
Feminism has to do with unpicking the stereotypes of gender , so there 's nothing female in feminism . ''
But the more I 've thought of his question , the more I have seemed to have a female 's female .
That is , there might be something , on average , something different from the female 's brain and the male that makes us more responsive to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable .
So if the Parents were very attentive to find a way to protect the people in the state , it 's possible that , to have put more mothers to this concept , maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with reciprocal support .
And maybe that 's what we need to do in the future when we take democracy beyond anatomy : to think less in the individual body , in terms of identity , and thinking more about relationships .
So while we try to create a more perfect union , let 's think about what we do .
Thank you .
In 2007 , I decided that we had to reconsider how we think about economic development .
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks about where it wants to go to live and work , have the possibility of choice between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents .
Well , right now , we are far from that goal .
There are billions of people in developing countries that do n't count with a single city willing to fix them .
But the amazing thing about cities is that it 's worth much more than their building cost .
So we could easily move around the world tens , maybe hundreds of new cities .
Well , this may sound absurd if you 've never thought about new cities .
But we just operated through apartment buildings .
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments because they were owners and the other half still wo n't do it .
They could try to increase the ability to <unk> in all existing buildings .
But you know that the problem that 's going on is that those buildings and the areas that surround them have rules to avoid the ailments and the distractions of construction .
So it would be very hard to do all of those <unk> .
But they could go to a whole new place , build a whole new apartment building , always , and when the rules of that place would take the construction instead of taking block .
So I proposed that governments were making new reform zones in order to contain cities , and I gave them a name .
I later found out that more or less at the same time , <unk> and <unk> were thinking about the challenge of Honduras .
They knew that every year around 75,000 <unk> would rise from their country to go to the United States , and they wanted to ask , what could they do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras .
In the summer of 2009 , there was a terrible constitutional crisis .
In the next regular elections , <unk> <unk> was revealed to a platform in which <unk> reforms and the same time reconciliation .
He asked him to pretend to be his head of cabinet .
Meanwhile , I was preparing to give a talk to TEDGlobal .
Through a process of refinement and trial and error and a lot of evidence with users , I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under their <unk> ideas .
The first point was the importance of norms , like those rules that say you ca n't go and upset all of the current residents of apartments .
It takes a lot of attention to new technologies , but it takes so much of technologies like the standards to make progress , and usually these are the rules that prevent us forward .
In the fall of 2010 , a friend of Guatemala was sent to <unk> a link with the TEDTalk .
He showed it to <unk> .
They called me .
They said , `` Look at this to the leaders of our country . ''
So in December , we met in Miami , in a conference room .
I tried to explain to you this point about how valuable cities are , much more valuable than their monetary cost .
And I used this picture that shows the value of land in a place like New York . Notice , in some cases , it 's worth thousands of dollars per square meter .
But it was a pretty abstract discussion , and at some point , when there was a pause , he said , `` Paul , maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk . ''
And the talk described in a very simple terms that a charter city is a place where it starts with <unk> terrain , a charter that specifies the rules that would become there and a choice for people to choose if they want to go or not live under those norms .
So the president of Honduras called me , and he told me that we had to do this project , this is important , this might be the way for our country to move forward .
He asked me to go to <unk> and talk about four and 5th of January .
So I presented another talk full of data , which included an image like this , which was trying to explain that to make a lot of value to a city , this has to be very big .
This is a photograph in Denver and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver .
Only this airport covers over 100 square kilometers .
So I was trying to convince the <unk> that to build a new city , have to start with a place to measure at least 1,000 square miles .
That 's over 100,000 acres .
The whole world <unk> <unk> .
The faces of the public were very serious and attentive .
The Congress leader came to the platform and said , `` Professor <unk> , thank you so much for his talk , but maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk .
I have here in my computer . ''
So I sat down and showed up the TEDTalk .
And this explained the essential thing that a new city can offer new choices for people .
There would be a choice of a city that might be going to be in Honduras , rather than hundreds of miles away to the North .
And also new options for leaders .
Because the leaders of the Honduras ' government would need help of countries associated , they could benefit from the countries associated with them to help them to establish and make the norms of the charter , so that everybody could be trusted , so that the charter could actually be done .
We went and saw a site .
This photo is there .
It could be nearly a thousand square miles .
And shortly after , January 19 , they voted in Congress to <unk> its constitution and add a constitutional arrangement that would create these special special regions .
In a country that was just going through this painful crisis , the voting in Congress in favor of this constitutional amendment was <unk> to one .
All the parties , all the factions in society , got it .
<unk> in the constitution , it has to pass twice in Congress .
On the end of February , once again in another ballot ballot , another ballot .
Immediately after the voting , from 21 to February 24 , a delegation of 30 <unk> was to the two places in the world who are most interested in building cities .
One of them is South Korea .
This is a picture of a new great city center that 's built in South Korea ; it 's bigger than the Boston center .
All you see there was built in four years , after four years was getting permission .
The other interested in building cities is Singapore .
In fact , they 've already built two cities in China and are preparing for a third .
And if you think about this , it 's the point where we are .
They have a place , and you 're already thinking about a site for the second city .
They 're preparing a legal system that would allow the managers to come , and then would allow them to operate under an external legal system .
A country has already committed to allow its Supreme Court to be the court of the last for this new justice system .
There are <unk> <unk> and cities that are very interested in the project .
They can even get some funding .
But the only thing we know has already solved is that they have a good number of people .
There are many companies that wanted to move in the Americas , especially in a place with a free trade zone , and there are many people who would like to go to live there .
In the world , there are 700 million people who say they 'd ever be changed to immediately another place .
There 's a million a year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States .
Many of them are parents who have to leave behind their family to get a job ; sometimes they 're single mothers who have to make money to just eat or buy clothes .
Unfortunately , sometimes there are even kids who are trying to meet with their parents who have n't seen , in some cases , in a decade .
So what do you think about building a new city in Honduras ?
Or build a dozen of these , or a hundred of these around the world ?
What do you think about insisting that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents ?
This is an idea worth spreading .
And my friends were asked to say , `` Thank you TED . ''
I 'm <unk> , and this is my <unk> .
But before I show you what 's inside , I 'm going to make a public confession , and that is , I live obsessed with suits .
I love to find , wear , and more recently , photograph and post on my blog and colorful and different for each time .
But I do n't buy anything new .
All my clothing is from second hand of <unk> markets and shops of second hand .
Oh , thank you .
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my <unk> in the environment and in my wallet .
I 'm going to go to meet <unk> people ; usually my money goes to a good cause ; my aspect is unique ; and buying it into my personal search for treasures .
I mean , what am I going to find today ?
Is it my size ?
Would I like the color ?
cost less than 20 dollars ?
If all the answers are positive , then I feel like I won .
Going back to my <unk> , I want to tell you what I packed for this exciting week at TED .
I mean , what about somebody who has all of that clothes ?
So I 'm going to show you exactly what I brought .
I 've brought seven pairs of underwear , and nothing else .
And on exactly one week , it 's all I 've put in my <unk> .
I imagined it would be able to find everything else that I 'd like to use , after I got here to Palm Springs .
And since I do n't know as the woman who walks for TED in underwear , that means I found some things .
And I 'd like to show you now the sets of sets for this week .
Does n't it sound interesting ?
While I do it , I 'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that , believe it or not , I 've learned in this adventure of not using new clothes .
Let 's start with Sunday .
This is what I call a brilliant tiger .
You do n't have to spend a lot of money to look good .
You 're almost always seen phenomenal for less than 50 dollars .
And the whole set , including the jacket , took me 55 , and it 's the most expensive thing I 've used in the week .
Monday : color is energy .
It 's almost impossible to be in bad humor , when you 're wearing a brilliant red pants .
If you 're happy , you 're going to attract other happy people .
Tuesday : integration is <unk> .
I 've spent a long time in life trying to be myself and at the same time .
I just know yourself .
If you get rid of the right people , you wo n't just understand you , you 're also going to give you .
<unk> : <unk> of the child that you 're wearing in .
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to be played on top of them , or I remind you about their <unk> .
I like <unk> and say , `` Thank you . ''
Thursday : Trust is the key .
If you think you 're okay with something , it 's almost sure you 're .
And if you think you do n't look good at something , it 's probably true .
My mother taught me this day after day .
But it was n't until the 30 years I really understood its meaning .
And I 'm going to explain it in a few seconds .
If you think you 're a beautiful person in your interior and outside , there 's no look you ca n't attract .
So there 's no excuse for anybody in this audience .
We have to be able to achieve everything we want to do .
Thank you .
<unk> : A universal truth six words for you : <unk> <unk> go with everything .
And finally , Saturday : Developing a personal style and unique is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word .
I 've tried it over and over again when people were approaching this week just because of what I was using . And we had fantastic conversations .
Obviously , this is not going to go into my little <unk> .
So before I go home , in Brooklyn , I 'm going to give everything .
Because the lesson I 'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things .
I do n't need to buy these things emotionally , because around the corner , there will always be another crazy , colorful and brilliant suit , if there 's a little love in my heart , and I look for it .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
This is a depiction of your brain that we can divide in two parts .
The left side , which is the logic , and the right side , which is the intuitive part .
So , if you take a scale to measure the fitness of each hemisphere , we could design a blueprint of our brain .
For example , this would be somebody who is completely logical .
This would be somebody who 's totally intuitive .
So , where do you get your brain on this scale ?
Some of them will come from one of these extremes , but I think for most of the members of this audience , their brain is something like that -- with a great fitness in both hemispheres at the same time .
It 's not that it 's mutually exclusive .
You can be logical and intuitive .
I consider myself one of those people , who just like most of the other experimental quantum physicists , we need quite logic to make these complicated ideas .
But at the same time , we need a lot of intuition to make experiments really work .
How do we develop this intuition ? Well , we like to play with things .
We 're going to play with them and then we see how they react , and then we developed our intuition from that point .
And actually , you do the same thing .
This intuition that you may have developed over the years is the one that says that one thing can be just one place at once .
I mean , it may sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time , but you were not born with this notion , they developed it .
I remember looking at a child playing in a parking bar .
He was a little kid , and he did n't do it very well , he always fell .
But I bet the game with that parking lot taught him a precious lesson , and that is that big things do n't allow the <unk> , and they stay in a place .
This is a great conceptual model that you can have from the world , except you are a particle physicist .
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist , because they do n't play with parking bars , they play with these little particles .
And when they play with their particles , they discover they do all kinds of weird things -- like they can go through walls , or they can be in two different places at the same time .
And then they wrote all these observations , and they called the theory of quantum mechanics .
At that point , the physics was a few years ago ; you needed the quantum mechanics to describe those little particles .
But you did n't need to describe the big objects around us every day .
That did n't fit very well to my intuition , and maybe it 's because I do n't play very often with particles .
Well sometimes play with them , but not a lot .
And I 've never seen them .
That is , no one saw a particle .
But it did n't fit well to my logic .
Because if everything is made of small particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics , then should n't everything follow the principles of quantum mechanics ?
I do n't find the reason why it should n't .
And therefore I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object is also following the principles of quantum mechanics .
That 's why a few years ago , I proposed to do exactly that .
And I did .
This is the first object you can see that it 's been on a <unk> overlap .
What we see here is a little computer chip .
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle .
That 's the piece of metal that I 'm going to talk about in a minute .
This is a picture of the object .
And here I 'm going to zoom in a little bit . It 's right at the center .
And then here we 're doing a very big approach to the little metal <unk> .
What we see is a little bit of metal , with a trampoline form , and that stands up in a platform .
And then I did this almost the same way you would do a computer chip .
I went to a clean room with a new chip , and I set up all the big machines for about 100 hours .
For the last material , I had to build my own machine -- to do this <unk> hole , which is below the device .
This device has the ability to be in a quantum overlap , but for it , it needs some help .
Let me make an analogy .
You know how uncomfortable you 're going to be in a elevator full of people .
I mean , when I 'm on an elevator , I do all kind of weird things , but then when other people go up , I want to do those things , because I do n't want to bother you , or actually frightening .
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way .
The <unk> <unk> of inanimate objects are not just people , it 's also the light that shines it up and the wind that goes on its side and the heat of the room .
So we knew that if we wanted this little bit of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics , we would have to <unk> all the other passengers .
And that 's what we did .
We would take the lights off , then we introduced a Roomba and pulled out all the air , and then you cool it down to a temperature of less than a degree above zero zero .
Now , by being only on the elevator , the little piece of metal is free to act like .
So we measure its movements .
We discovered that he moved in very strange forms .
Instead of staying perfectly still , I was rattling down , and the way it <unk> was like a breathing like this -- as a <unk> that 's expanding and contracts .
And by giving it a smooth drive , we were able to make it <unk> , and that we did n't take it at the same time -- something that only happens to quantum mechanics .
So what I 'm telling you is something really fantastic .
What does it mean that a <unk> thing , and you did n't get it at the same time ?
Let 's think about atoms .
In one case , all the trillions of atoms that make up that metal piece are still , and at the same time , those same atoms are moving up and down .
It 's just in certain points when those are string up .
In the rest of the time , they 're <unk> .
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time , which means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places .
I think this is great .
Really .
It was a clean room in a clean room to do this for all those years , because , look at this , the difference in scale between one atom and that piece of metal is roughly the same as the difference between that little metal piece and you .
So if one single atom can be in two different places at the same time , and that piece of metal can be in two different places , why not you ?
I mean , it 's my logical part talking .
So imagine if you were in various places at the same time , what would that be ?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was <unk> in space ?
There 's another part of the story .
And it 's when we heat it up , and we turned the lights into the box , we saw that the metal was still there in one piece .
And I could get into this new intuition , apparently all the objects on the elevator is actually only quantum objects that are just put in a small space .
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims everything is going to be interconnected .
Well , that 's not true .
That 's more than that , it 's deeper .
It 's that those connections , your connections to all the things around you , literally define who you are , and that 's the profound rarity of quantum mechanics .
Thank you .
My name is <unk> .
And 18 months ago , I was doing another job at Google , until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss that 's here and it allowed me to do it .
It took me 18 months .
Many negotiations and stories , I assure you , with 17 very interesting museums from nine countries .
But I 'm going to focus on the demo .
There 's a lot of stories of why we did .
I think my own story is explaining just on this slide , and this is access .
I grew up in India .
<unk> from a great education -- I do n't know , but I did n't have access to many of these museums and artwork .
So when I started traveling and go to museums , I began to learn a lot .
And working on Google , I try to make the desire to make it more accessible through technology .
So we formed a team , a great team of people , and we started to do it .
And better I 'll show you a couple of interesting things that we 've conducted from his launch .
So , simply , we 're going to <unk> .
Look around all the museums there .
There 's the <unk> gallery , MoMA , <unk> , <unk> , van Gogh .
I 'm actually going to go into one of my favorites , <unk> , the New York City museum .
There are two ways to do it -- very simple .
We click and , <unk> ! We 're already inside the museum .
It does n't matter where they are , Bombay or <unk> , that does n't really matter .
You move around and they have fun .
Do you want to navigate the museum ?
We open the flat flat , and with one click , we jump inside .
They 're inside , they want to go at the end of the hallway .
continue to go ahead . That 's going on !
<unk> .
Thank you , but I have n't come to the best .
Now I 'm in front of one of my favorite paintings , `` The <unk> '' by Pieter <unk> in the <unk> .
I see the sign + .
If the museum shows us the image , we click there .
Look , this is one of the images .
Here 's all metadata data .
For those of you who are truly interested in art , you can click there ; but I 'm going to click here right now .
And this is one of the images we 've captured in what we call <unk> technology .
So this image , for example , contains , I think , about 10 million pixels .
And there 's a lot of people who ask me , `` What do you get to 10,000 million pixels ? ''
So I 'm going to show you what you can do with 10,000 million pixels .
It can zoom around in a very simple way .
You see things fun that are happening .
I love this guy , his expression has no price .
But if you really want to dive into it .
So I started playing , and I found something that was happening there .
And I said , `` Wait a moment , this seems interesting . ''
I went in and found that the kids were actually playing something .
And I did a little bit , I talked to some people from the <unk> , and I actually discovered that this is a game called `` incomprehensible ] , which is <unk> a stick with a stick on the Tuesday .
And apparently it was very popular .
I do n't know why they did it , but I 've learned something about it .
And now we 're going to get even deeper and you 'll see that you can actually reach the cracks .
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective , I 'm going to pull the image , so you 'll see what there is .
This is where we were , and this is the painting .
The best thing is to come , a second .
So now we 're going to quickly jump back at MoMA in New York .
Here 's another one of my favorites , `` The night <unk> . ''
The example I showed was to find detail .
But what if you want to see the <unk> ?
And if you want to see how van Gogh actually created this masterpiece ?
It goes up and really does it .
I 'm going to one of my favorite parts in this frame , and I 'm really going to get to the cracks .
This is the <unk> night , I think I 'd never seen it before .
I 'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions .
There 's a lot of things here , but I do n't have time to show it .
This is the really cool part . It 's called `` <unk> . ''
All of you , absolutely everybody , does n't matter whether it 's rich or poor , or if you have a mansion , that 's the same .
You can online to create your own museum , create its own collection from all these images .
It 's very simple , we go in , and I 've created this function that I call `` The Power of zooming , '' we just zoom in .
This is `` The ambassadors '' at National Gallery in London .
You can write things up , send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel at contemplating these masterpieces .
So in conclusion , I think that for me , the main thing is that all amazing things do n't really do n't come from Google .
No , in my view , they do n't even come from museums .
Maybe I should n't say this .
Actually , they come from those artists .
And that 's been my humble experience with this .
I mean , I hope that in this digital medium does justice to your artwork , and that is represented properly online .
And the big question I 'm doing today is , `` You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum ? ''
And the answer is no .
It 's to supplement the experience .
And that 's all . Thank you .
Thank you .
Good afternoon all .
I have something to show you .
Think of it is a pixel , a flying pixel .
In our lab , we call it sensitive design .
I 'm going to tell you a little bit about this .
If you look at this photo -- I 'm from Italian origin , all the kids in Italy , they grow up with this picture on the wall in his bedroom . But the reason I 'm showing you this is that there 's been something very interesting about football racing in the last two decades .
Just some time ago , if you wanted to win a race in Formula 1 , I took a budget and you 'll get it to a good pilot and a good car .
And if the car and the pilot were good enough , you win the career .
This is what , in engineering , <unk> control system .
It 's essentially a system that has two components : a sensor and a <unk> .
What 's interesting is that the real-time control systems are starting to enter our lives .
Our cities , over the last few years , covered with networks and electronics .
They 're getting online computers .
And as such , they 're starting to respond differently , and they can be detected and <unk> .
<unk> cities is a big thing .
As a note , I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the crust of the planet , but they represent 50 percent of the world 's population .
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of CO2 emissions .
If we could do something with cities , it would be a big thing .
Beyond the cities , all these <unk> and <unk> are entering our everyday objects .
This is from an exhibition from 60,000 dollars at MoMA in the MoMA during the summer .
It 's called `` TEDTalk '' .
Well , our objects , the environment , begin to speak to us .
So , in a way , it 's almost all the existing atoms they were going to get up and actuators .
And that 's completely changing the interaction that as humans have with the outside environment .
It 's almost like the old dream of Michelangelo .
You know , when Michelangelo was carved from Moses , he said that the end took the hammer , and he threw it up to Moses -- you know , you can still see a little bit a dent in a little <unk> and said , `` Why do n't you talk ? ''
Well , today , for the first time , our environment begins to speak to us .
And I 'm going to show you just a few examples -- insist on the idea of capturing the environment and push something .
Let 's start with detection .
The first project I wanted to share with you is really one of the first projects of our lab .
This was four and a half years ago in Italy .
It was a summer with a 2006 .
It was the year when he won the World Cup .
Maybe some of you remember it , they played Italy and France , and in the end , he gave the <unk> .
And anyway , I won Italy .
Now let 's see what happened that day by looking at the activity there are happening in the network .
Here we see the city .
You see the Coliseum in the middle and the river <unk> .
It 's the morning , before I play .
The timeline is on the top .
At the evening there are people around here and there are calls , moving .
It starts the party : silence .
<unk> from France . <unk> from Italy .
<unk> ; people make a call and go to the bathroom .
Second time , End of time <unk> .
First time , a second .
<unk> , and at a moment , the <unk> .
She earns Italy . Yes !
That night , everyone went to celebrate the center .
There you see the big peak .
The next day everyone went to the center of the winning team and the prime minister of then .
And then everybody went down .
You see the image of the place called <unk> Massimo where , from the Roman age , people are going to celebrate ; it 's a big party , you can see the peak at the end of the day .
This is just an example of how we can measure the city pulse in a way that we could n't have done just a few years ago .
Another quick detection example : It 's not about people , but things we use and we consume .
Today , we know all about the origin of our objects .
This is a map that shows all the chips that make up a Mac , how they put together .
But we know very little about where things go .
So in this project , we developed some small labels to track the garbage on its shift through the system .
We started with some volunteers who helped us in Seattle a little more than a year ago , to tag what they were throwing , different kinds of things , as you can see , things that anyway .
Then we put a little chip , a label , to the garbage , and then we started <unk> .
These are the results from that .
From Seattle ...
after a week .
With this information , we realized that there are lots of inefficiencies in the system .
We can do the same with much less energy .
These are data that did n't exist .
These are complicated things happening , and there 's a lot of unnecessary transportation .
But the other thing that we think is that if we look at every day that the cup is not disappears , which is still somewhere on the planet .
If the plastic bottle we dropped a day still there .
That if we show that to people , then we can promote some change behavior .
That was the reason for the project .
My colleague at MIT , <unk> <unk> , could tell us a lot more about sensing and many other great things that we can do with that , but I wanted to go to the second part we talked about at first , which is push about the environment .
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in <unk> .
It all began with a question of the mayor of the city , which came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of water use in public spaces , in architecture .
And the question was , how can technology , new technology , join that ?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT , in a workshop , was to imagine that you have a line and valves , <unk> valves , <unk> that they open up and closed .
It was created as a curtain of water , with pixels in water .
If the pixels land can be written in them , showing patterns , images , texts .
And when you zoom in , the curtain will open so that we can go , as you see in the image .
We introduced this to the mayor <unk> .
She liked a lot of it .
And we had a commission to design the building to the ticket .
We call it the Digital Water Society .
The whole building is made of water .
There 's no windows and windows , but when you 're coming up , it opens up so you can go .
The roof is also covered with water .
And if there 's a little bit of wind , if you want to minimize the <unk> , you get down the roof .
Or you can close the building and all architecture disappears , like in this case .
Those days , there will always be somebody , in the winter , when the roof goes down , somebody who was there , and he said , `` You know , <unk> the building . ''
No , it 's not that they have demolished , but when it comes down almost the entire architecture that 's gone .
This is how it works .
You see people <unk> what happens inside .
And here I am trying to do n't get wet by testing the sensors that open up water .
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working .
That night was actually even more fun .
All the kids in <unk> came to the building because the way we interact with it had changed a little bit .
It was no longer a building that turned to leave you , but a building that kept making cuts and holes in water , and you had to jump to do n't get wet .
( Audience member ) And for us that was very interesting because as architects , engineers , designers , we always think about the use that people give to our designs .
But then the reality is always unpredictable .
And that 's the beauty of doing things to interact , that people use .
This is a picture of the building with the physical pixels , the pixels in water , and of projections on them .
And this is what led us to think about the next project I 'm going to show you .
Imagine that those pixels could start to fly .
Imagine that you could have little helicopters in the air , and each one had a small pixel that changes color as if it were a cloud that moves in space .
This is the video .
Imagine a helicopter , like the one we saw before , that moves with others in sync .
We could form this cloud .
There 's a kind of flexible screen like this with a normal screen in two dimensions .
Or normal , but in three dimensions , where what changes is light , not the position of the pixels .
You can play with a different type .
Imagine that the screen appears in different scales and sizes , in different kinds of resolution .
And then all of that would be a pixels in 3D where you can zoom in , and go through , and see from very different angles .
This is the real <unk> <unk> , going down to form an V , like before .
When the light turns on , you see this . The same thing we saw before .
Imagine each of them being controlled by one person .
We can have each pixel with an input that comes from people , the movement of people and so on and so on .
I want to show you something for the first time .
We 've been working with <unk> <unk> from the best ballet dancers of today , the star of New York City and La Scala <unk> to capture their movements in 3D and use them as entry for <unk> .
Here we can see <unk> dancing .
On the left , you see the pixels , catch in different resolutions .
It 's so much 3D digitization in real time as a movement capture .
It can <unk> the whole movement .
You can go all the way .
And once we have the pixels , we can play with them , with color and motion , with gravity and rotation .
We want to use this as a possible entry for <unk> .
I wanted to show you the last project that we 're working on .
It 's something for the London Olympics .
It 's called The Oort cloud .
And the idea is , imagine again , that we could engage people to do something and change our <unk> environment as a barn farm , but with a cloud .
Imagine that we could make all of the <unk> a little bit for a pixel .
And I think what 's remarkable in the last few years is that , in the last two decades , we went through the physical world to the digital world .
We 've digitized everything , like knowledge , and it 's accessible through the Internet .
Today , for the first time , and the Obama campaign <unk> us , we can move from the digital world , the self-organizing power of networks , the physical world .
In our case , this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol .
That would mean something built in a city .
But tomorrow may be to address the challenges of today : think about climate change or CO2 emissions , how do you go from digital world to the physical world ?
The idea is that we can get people involved in doing this together , collectively .
The cloud is a cloud , again , made from pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a particle cloud .
And those particles are water , whereas in our cloud are pixels .
It 's a physical structure in London , but covered in pixels .
You can move inside , have different experiences .
You can see from the bottom , to serve for sharing the main moments of the 2012 Olympics , and even more , and it can be used as a form of connection to the community .
So it 's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something you can go up , like a new top of London .
You can go in there .
As if it was a new digital <unk> at night , but the most important thing is to be a new experience for anybody to go to the top .
Thank you .
Would you like to be better than they are ?
Suppose I would say that , with only some changes in your genes , you could improve memory -- for more accurate and faster .
Or maybe they 'd like to be in better way , be stronger , to have more resistance .
Would you like to be more attractive and secure from themselves ?
How about living more with good health ?
Or maybe those people who always wanted to be more creative .
What would you like to ?
What would you like , if you could choose something ?
( Audience Audience : Creativity ) Creativity .
How many people would choose creativity ?
Hands up . Let me see .
A few . It was probably due to the number of creative people present .
That 's really good .
How many of you would pick up memory ?
A few more .
And the physical state ?
A little less .
What about longevity ?
Oh , the majority . That makes me feel very well as a doctor .
If you could have some of this , the world would be very different .
Is it just imagination ?
Or maybe possible ?
Evolution has been a <unk> issue here at TED Conference , but today I want to give you a doctor 's look at it .
The great geneticist in the 20th century , <unk> . <unk> , that also <unk> in the <unk> Church , he wrote an essay titled `` Nothing in biology makes sense except for the light of Evolution . ''
But if you effectively accept biological evolution consider this : it 's just about the past , or the future ?
It refers to others or ?
This is another look at the tree of life .
The human part of this branch , well at one end , is , of course , the most interested in .
<unk> of a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago .
At the interval have been maybe 20 different species of hominids .
Some of them have gone and back .
We 've been here about <unk> years .
It might seem that we 're very far from other parts of this tree of life , but actually , mostly the basic machinery of our cells is roughly the same .
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that 's used to treat diabetes ?
This is not like human insulin , but it 's the same protein , chemically indistinguishable , which comes out of the pancreas .
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all carry on the most bacteria intestine than the cells that we have in the rest of the body ?
Maybe 10 times more .
I mean , do you think -- when Antonio Damasio does n't think about it , you think about bacteria ?
The gut is a beautifully hospitable environment for those bacteria .
It 's warm , dark , moist , it 's very <unk> .
And we 're going to provide them all the nutrients that can want no effort on their side .
It 's really like a rapid pathway for bacteria with occasional interruption of some rush to the output .
But because of the other , we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life .
They help digest essential nutrients , and they protect us from certain diseases .
But what about the future ?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as species ?
Or meant to become something different , something perhaps better adapted to the environment ?
In this vast symphony <unk> of the universe , life on Earth is like a brief compass -- the animal kingdom , as a single and only <unk> , and human life , a little note of grace .
That was us .
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk , so I hope you 've enjoyed them .
When I first reported to college , I had my first kind of biology .
I was fascinated by the elegance and the beauty of biology .
I fell in love with the power of evolution , and I realized something fundamental , in most of the existence of life , in the majority of the existence of life , every cell is simply divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughters .
But when the multicellular organisms appear things , things start to change .
It goes into the stage sexual reproduction .
And something very important : With the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens the genome , the rest of the body becomes <unk> .
In fact , you could say that the inevitability of the death of the body comes in evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction .
I have a confession to think that when I was a college student , I was thinking , well , <unk> , <unk> , death for sex -- it seemed pretty reasonable at that time , but with every year that was going on , it had more doubts .
I got to understand the feelings of George Burns , which is still performing in Las Vegas well in their 90s .
And one night , someone hits his hotel door .
He opens the door .
In front of him , you find a great light dancer of clothes .
He looks at it and says , `` I came to search for a sex soup .
`` Okay , '' he says George , `` I pick the soup . ''
I realized , as a doctor , I was working on a different goal for the goal of evolution , not necessarily adversarial , just different .
I was trying to preserve the body .
I wanted to make you healthy .
I wanted to recover health in the disease .
I wanted it to live more and healthier .
Evolution is about spending the genome to the next generation , adapting and <unk> generation after generation .
From an evolutionary point of view , you and I are as <unk> <unk> to send the next level of the orbiting level , and then let us let ourselves fall into the sea .
I think we would all understand the feeling that Woody Allen when he said , `` I do n't want to accomplish immortality through my work .
I want to achieve it not dying . ''
Evolution does n't necessarily help longevity .
It does n't necessarily favors the bigger or the stronger or the faster and even smarter .
Evolution favors creatures better adapted to their environment .
That 's the only test for survival and success .
In the bottom of the ocean , the <unk> bacteria that can survive the heat of the <unk> that would produce , if there were fish there , fish dry in the void , yet they 've managed to do that a <unk> environment .
So what does this mean , when we look at what 's happening in evolution , and if we go back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution , and in particular , if we look forward , the next phase -- I would say there 's a lot of possibilities .
The first one is that we do n't know .
We 've reached a kind of balance .
And the underlying reasoning is that through medicine , in the first place , we 've known to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been discarded and thrown from the population .
And secondly , as a species , we 've made our environment made for us to fit for us as well as we adapt to it .
And by the way , we migrated , <unk> , and we become so excited that it 's no longer possible to have the isolation necessary for evolution .
A second possibility is that you make a traditional , natural type evolution , imposed by the forces of nature .
And the argument here is that the gears of evolution roll slowly , but they 're <unk> .
And in terms of isolation , when the species <unk> distant planets , they 're going to exist isolation and environmental changes that can produce evolution naturally .
But there is a third possibility , an attractive , intriguing , terrifying possibility .
I call it <unk> , the new evolution , which is not simply natural -- but and we selected for us as individuals in the decisions we will .
Now , how could this happen ?
How could we get to do this ?
We first consider the reality that many people today , in some cultures , are making decisions about their offspring .
In some cultures , they 're choosing to have more boys than women .
It 's not necessarily good for society , but it 's what you choose at the individual and family level .
Think of it as well as possible to choose not only the sex of their offspring , but in their own body to make the genetic modifications to cure or prevent disease .
What if we could make genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer 's or reduce cancer risk or eliminate the stroke ?
Do n't you want to make those changes in their genes ?
If we look at the future that kind of changes are going to be increasingly possible .
The Human Genome Project began in 1990 , 13 years old .
<unk> billion dollars .
The next year of being done , in 2004 , I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three months .
Today , you can get a full sequence of the three billion bases of the human genome at a cost near $ 20,000 and on a week .
It does n't have a lot to get the human genome to 1,000 and more and more at all .
Those changes come from .
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves , but they 're going to give them immunity against other viruses .
Believe it or there 's no experimental trial in the course of the vaccine that we grow into a tobacco plant cells .
Can you imagine something good out of tobacco ?
That 's reality today and in the future is going to be increasingly possible .
Imagine then only two little changes .
Can you change your body cells , but if you could change the cells of your offspring ?
What if they could change the sperm and eggs , or change the <unk> egg , and give their kids a better chance of a healthier life , eliminate diabetes , to eliminate <unk> , reduce the risk of cancer ?
Who does n't want kids healthier ?
And then that same analytical technology , that same engine of science that can produce the changes to prevent diseases is going to allow us to also adopt <unk> <unk> -- a better memory .
Why do n't you have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennings above all if you were able to deal with the next generation of the machine Watson ?
Why do n't you have a faster and faster muscle that allows us to run faster and distance ?
Why not live longer ?
This is going to be irresistible .
And when we 're in conditions to pass this up to the next generation , and we can take the attributes that we wanted , we would have become the evolution of earlier in the <unk> .
We 're going to take a process that normally could take 100,000 years , and we can compress it to 1,000 years and maybe happen within the next 100 years .
These are choices that their grandchildren , or grandchildren 's grandchildren , are going to have before .
Are we going to use these choices to an improved society , more successful , more considered ?
Or , are we going to choose selectively attributes that we want for some of us but not for others ?
Are we going to build a society that 's more boring and more robust , or more maneuverable and more maneuverable ?
This is the kind of question we 're going to have to face .
And the deepest thing about all : are we going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit the wisdom necessary to make these wisely decisions ?
For good or for bad , and before what you might think , these choices are going to depend on us .
Thank you .
Imagine a big explosion when you 're at a 900 feet of height .
Imagine a plane full of smoke .
Imagine an engine by making <unk> , <unk> , <unk> .
<unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> . It sounds terrifying .
Well , I had a single seat that day . I was sitting in the <unk> .
It was the only one I could talk to the flight staff .
So I looked at them and looked at them , and they said , `` No problem . You probably hit some birds . ''
The pilot had <unk> the plane , and we were n't so far .
You could see Manhattan .
Two minutes later , three things happened at the same time .
The pilot <unk> the plane with the Hudson River .
Mostly that 's not the route .
<unk> the motors .
Imagine being in an airplane and no noise .
And then he said three words .
The three most <unk> words I 've ever heard .
He said , `` <unk> for impact . ''
I did n't have to talk more about the flight assistant .
I could see it in his eyes .
It was terror . Life was finished .
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day .
I learned that everything changes in a moment .
We have this list of things to do before we die , these things that we want to do in life , and I thought of all the people I wanted to get to , and I did n't , all the fences I wanted to fix , all the experiences I 've wanted to have , and I never had .
While I was thinking about that later , I came up with a phrase , which is , `` I collect bad wine . ''
Because if the wine is ready , and the person is there , I 'm going to open it .
I do n't want to do anything in life .
And that urgency , that purpose , has really changed my life .
The second thing that I learned that day -- and this is while <unk> the bridge George Washington , which was n't very much -- I thought about , wow , I really feel a great truth .
I 've lived a good life .
In my humanity , and my mistakes have tried to get better at all I did .
But in my humanity , I also took place to my ego .
And I 'm sorry the time I 've wasted things that did n't matter with people who do matter .
And I thought about my relationship with my wife , with my friends , with people .
And then , like <unk> in that , I decided to remove the negative energy in my life .
It 's not perfect , but it 's much better .
In two years I have n't had a fight with my wife .
It feels like wonders .
I 'm not trying to be right ; I 'm going to be happy .
The third thing I learned -- and this is how your mental clock is going to be <unk> , `` 15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water <unk> .
I 'm saying , `` Please fly . ''
I do n't want this to break in 20 pieces as you see in those documentaries .
And while <unk> , I had the feeling of , wow , die is not afraid .
It 's almost like we 've been <unk> for it all our life .
But it was very sad .
I did n't want to go ; I love my life .
And that sadness <unk> in a single thought , which is , I just wish one thing .
I wish I could see my kids growing .
A month later , I was in a performance of my daughter -- first grade , not a lot of artistic talent -- still . And I scream , I 'm like a small one .
And for me , that was the whole reason to be the world .
At that point , I understood , by connecting those two points , that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great parent .
For above all , the only goal I have in life is to be a good parent .
I was gave a miracle , not to die that day .
And I was assigned another gift , which was the chance to look at the future and go back and live differently .
You 're flying today , the challenge you can imagine that the same thing happens in your airplane -- and please do n't -- but imagine , and how do you change ?
What would you do , you still expect to do because they think they 're going to live forever ?
How do you change their relationships and the negative energy on them ?
And most importantly , are the best parents who can ?
Thank you .
I 've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects .
But the most great I worked on was for this guy .
The guy is called <unk> .
<unk> was one of the most important <unk> in the '80s .
One day came to his house after running , and he said , `` Dad , I 'm sorry for my legs . ''
And that was the beginning of ALS .
<unk> today has a total paralysis .
You can only use your eyes .
His work influenced me .
I have a design company and animation so that , obviously , graffiti is something intricate we admire and respect in the world of art .
So we decided that we were going to fund Tony , <unk> , and his cause .
So I went and met her brother and father and I said , `` Let 's give you this money .
What are you going to do with it ? ''
And his brother said , `` I just want to be able to talk to Tony again .
I just want to be able to communicate with him and that he will be able to communicate with me . ''
And I said , `` One second , is n't you <unk> to Stephen <unk> , is n't that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices ? ''
And he said , `` No , unless you are somebody important and you have a very good insurance you ca n't actually do it .
These are not affordable for people . ''
And I said , `` Well , how do they communicate ? ''
Do you see the movie `` The <unk> and the butterfly ? ''
They communicate that way -- they 're making her raise .
I said , `` That 's archaic . How can it be ? ''
So I presented with the only wish to deliver a check , and instead he signed a check that I had no idea how I was going to cover .
I committed to his brother and his father there at that very moment , `` All right , this is the deal : Tony 's going to talk , we 're going to build a machine , and we 're going to find a way to go back to make his art again .
Because it 's ridiculous that someone who has so much on your interior ca n't get it . ''
So I talked about a conference a couple months later .
I met these guys called `` <unk> Research Lab , '' which have a technology that lets you project a light on any surface , and then with a laser pointer , draw on it and record the negative space .
So they go around making art facilities like this .
All the things that appear , they say , they 're part of a life cycle .
They start with the sex organs , and then with the bad words , then with the Bush attacks , and at the end , people start doing art .
But there was always a cycle of life in their presentations .
And so the journey began .
And about two years later , about a year later , after a lot of organization and a lot of moving things on one side , we had achieved a couple of things .
One , we touch the gates of the insurance companies and we got a machine that <unk> could communicate , a machine like Stephen Hawking .
Which was great .
And seriously , it 's about the most fun ; I call it <unk> because when you talk to the guy , you get an email from him , and you say , `` I do n't deserve it . This guy is fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers all over the world 's <unk> world to our house .
My wife , the kids and I , we moved to the garage back and these hackers and programmers and <unk> and <unk> , took control of the house .
Many of our friends thought that we did something completely stupid , and that when they were able to have removed the squares of the walls and in place there would be graffiti .
But for two weeks , we went to the shipping zone , my son was part of my dog as well , and we created this .
It 's called <unk> and you can see the description .
It 's a couple of cheap sun glasses that we bought on the shipping site of New Beach , some copper wire and Radio Shack .
We took a camera camera , we open it , we put it together on an LED light , and now there 's a device that 's free -- and you build yourself , we published the code <unk> software low for free .
And we created a device that has no limitation at all .
There 's no insurance company that says `` No . ''
There 's no hospital that can say `` no . ''
Any person with paralysis today has access to drawing and communicate using just their eyes .
Thank you .
Thank you very much . That was awesome .
So at the end of the two weeks , we went back to the <unk> room .
I love this picture because this is the other person 's room , and that 's her room .
There was all this <unk> and <unk> during the big opening .
And after more than a year of planning , two weeks of programming , intense sessions all night , Tony went back to drawing for the first time in seven years .
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life , and it 's looking across the support system of his life .
We ran the bed so I could see .
And we put a projector on a wall of the outside parking lot .
And he went back to drawing his family and friends and you can imagine what was the feeling in the parking lot .
The funny thing was that we had to bust out in the parking lot so we felt like we were <unk> the graffiti too .
At the end of this , he sent us an email , and this was what said , `` This was the first time I was drawing in seven years .
I felt like it had been underwater and somebody finally came to <unk> and would get me out of there so I could breathe . ''
Is n't it wonderful ?
In fact , that 's our scream for war .
That 's what keeps us moving , developing .
And we have a long way to go through this .
It 's a great device , but it 's the equivalent of a display .
Somebody with this artistic potential deserves a lot more .
So we 're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust .
Since then we 've had all kinds of recognition .
We 've gained many awards .
Remember , it 's free ; none of us are making money with this .
It all comes out of our own pockets .
The prizes were like , `` Oh , this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong tweeted something about us and then in December , Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventions , and it was really great .
The best of all of this -- and this is what ends up in closing the <unk> is that in April of this year , in the <unk> of the MOCA , there 's going to be an exhibition called `` Art in The <unk> . ''
And `` Art in <unk> '' is going to have the best <unk> of urban art , <unk> <unk> , <unk> all of them are going to be there .
<unk> is going to be on the show , which is pretty impressive .
So basically , this is my idea : If you see something that 's not possible , do it possible .
None of what 's in this room was possible -- the stage , the computer , the microphone , <unk> nothing was possible at some point .
Make it happen -- anything in this room .
I 'm not a programmer , I never did anything with eye recognition technology ; I just recognized something , and I was obsessed with wonderful people to make it happen .
And these are the questions I want all of us to do every day when we find something we feel that we have to do . If it 's not now , when ? And if I 'm not , who ?
Thank you guys .
I 've spent the last few years <unk> in situations usually very difficult and at the same time as much dangerous .
I went to jail -- hard .
I worked in a coal mine -- dangerous .
Film of war , difficult and dangerous .
And I spent 30 days eating only this -- fun at first , something difficult in the middle , very dangerous to the end .
In fact , in a large part of my career , I 've been <unk> in situations looking horrible with the only goal of trying to look at social issues in ways that are attractive , interesting , and hopefully analyzing them in a way that they 're being seen and accessible to the audience .
So when I knew I was coming here to make a TEDTalk over the world of brands and sponsorship wanted to do something a little different .
So , some of you may have heard of it , or not , a couple of weeks ago , I got a warning in <unk> .
I sent some messages on Facebook , some on Twitter , offered the rights of my TEDTalk in 2011 .
What I had was the following : `` You know , you know , you know , you know , you know , my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it is about , and according to content , I 'm going to put it on the face , especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or your company .
But I said this is a very good media opportunity . ''
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks ?
A lot .
It 's a degree in progress , by the way .
So even with that <unk> I knew someone was going to buy the rights of the name .
If you had asked me a year ago , I would n't have been able to tell you with certain people .
But in the new film I 'm working on , we tested the world of marketing , of advertising .
And as I said earlier , I 've been in terrible situations over the last few years , but nothing could prepare me , nothing could <unk> , for something that was as difficult to enter the halls with these guys .
You see , I had this idea for a movie .
Morgan <unk> : I want to make a film that I 'm trying to do about the <unk> of products , marketing and advertising , and that all the film are tied with <unk> of products , marketing and advertising .
The movie is going to be called `` The largest movie never sold . ''
What happens in `` The largest '' movie ever sold , is that all the top at the bottom , in principle , has brand images , all the time -- from the <unk> that comes out before the title , the X mark .
Now this brand , <unk> <unk> , the <unk> Center .
These people were going to be shot in film to be filmed at forever .
And so the film is exploring all this idea . ( Michael <unk> ) So , what ? ( MK : Is it redundant . ) A forever ?
I 'm a shoe redundant . ( MK : I 'm just saying . ''
It was `` In gold . ''
But we 're not just going to have the sponsor of the X 's <unk> , but we 're going to make sure that we were burning all the categories that we could in film .
Maybe we sell a shoe , and it becomes the most amazing shoe that you used ...
The most cool car you 've ever led to `` The biggest <unk> '' is ever sold , the best drink you have to drink , <unk> from `` The biggest '' never sold .
<unk> <unk> : The idea is then also to show the brands as part of life , to make them <unk> the film ? ( MS : And we actually show the whole process of how it works .
The goal of this film is transparency .
You 're going to see the whole process in this movie .
That 's the whole idea , the whole film , from beginning to end .
And I would love to help you to help make it happen .
Robert Friedman : You know , it 's funny because it 's the first time I hear that ; it 's the most respect for the audience .
<unk> : However , I do n't know how responsive is going to be people .
<unk> : You 've got a perspective -- I do n't know if `` angle '' is very <unk> , but you know how it 's going to resonate ? David <unk> : How much money do you have to do this ?
MS : One and a half million . ( D.C. : All right ) John Kamen : I think it 's going to be difficult to meet the meeting with them but surely it 's going to be worth convincing a couple of big brands .
<unk> : Who knows , maybe for the time that the movie comes out , let us see as a lot of joyful idiots .
MS : What do you think is going to be the answer ?
Stuart <unk> : Most of the answers will be `` No . ''
MS : But will it be difficult to sell , by the film or for being me ?
JK : Both things .
MS : It means you 're not very optimistic .
So I need help . I need help .
MK : I can help .
MS : All right . ( MK : Okay . ) Awesome .
MK : We have to think about which brands .
MS : Yes . ( MK : That 's the challenge ) When you look at the people you have to treat ...
MK : We have some places where I go . ( MS : Okay . ) <unk> the camera .
MS : I thought , `` switch off the camera , '' meant to have a conversation outside .
<unk> the camera means `` We do n't want to know anything about your movie . ''
MS : And so it was , one of these companies suddenly disappeared .
None of you wanted to have nothing to do with this film .
I was surprised .
They did n't want to know anything with this project .
And I was very impressed , and I thought that the concept of advertising , it was <unk> the product to as many people as possible , making as many people look at it as possible .
Especially in the world today , this intersection of new media and old media and the stage of the average media scenario , is n't the idea counting with that new vehicle worth of attention to the masses ?
No , that 's what I thought .
But the problem was , you see , my idea had a <unk> error and that error was this .
Actually , no , there was no mistake .
There was no mistake at all .
This would have been right .
But the problem was this image .
See , when you 're looking for <unk> images in Google , this is one of the first images that appear .
I like the way to roll , Sergey Brin . No .
This was the problem : transparency -- free of simulation or deception ; it 's easily detected or seen , and it 's really characterized by the visibility or access to information , mostly in business practices -- being the last line , maybe the last line is perhaps the biggest line .
You see , we hear a lot about transparency in these days .
Our politicians named , the president is claims , even CEOs named name .
But all of a sudden when it comes to what it changes suddenly .
But why ? Well , transparency is scary -- like that weird bear that still remains .
It 's unpredictable -- like this rare rural road .
And it 's also too risky .
What else is it risky ?
He had a whole bowl of <unk> Cool .
That 's very risky .
When I started talking to companies and tell you that we wanted to tell this story and said , `` No , we want you to tell the story .
We want you to tell a story , but tell <unk> story . ''
See , when I was a kid and my father <unk> me in some lie -- and there he was staring at me as he used to say , `` Son , there are three sides in every story .
There 's your story , is my story , and there 's the real story . ''
As you see , in this film , we wanted to tell the real story .
But with just a company , a service agency , wanting to help me -- and that just because I knew John Bond and Richard <unk> -- I realized that I would have to go on my own , I would have to take the <unk> and go to business myself with my whole team .
So what I started to warn you all of a sudden -- and I started to give myself a lot of myself , that when you start talking with companies , the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem .
MS : I have friends who make big , huge , giant movies and others who make small films , independent , like mine .
And my friends who make big Hollywood movies , we say that the reason their movies are so successful is because of the <unk> they have .
And then my friends who make independent films say , `` Well , how are we supposed to compete with these big , giant Hollywood movies ? ''
And the movie is called `` The largest movie never sold . ''
How are we going to see specifically this in the movie ?
Every time I 'm going out , every time I open my <unk> , you 'll see the deodorant Ban .
At any time during an interview with somebody , can I say , `` Are you cool for this interview ?
Are you ready ? You 're a little nervous .
I want to help you with you .
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview . ''
And there she would offer one of these amazing <unk> .
Both `` <unk> <unk> '' like `` <unk> of paradise '' are going to have their opportunity .
We 're going to have so much for man as a woman , solid , to <unk> , in bar , like it 's .
That 's the general look .
Now I can answer your questions and give them a look at <unk> .
Karen Frank : We 're a small brand .
Similar to the kind of <unk> movies that you made , we 're rather a rival brand .
So we do n't have the budget that has other brands .
So doing things like that , you know , remind people of the people is why we 're interested in .
MS : What words would you use to describe Ban ?
It 's in white .
KF : That 's a big question .
Volunteer : <unk> .
MS : Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the <unk> .
Man : We talk about something bold , cool .
I think that cool is a big word that actually puts this category in positive versus `` <unk> '' versus <unk> .
It keeps you cool .
How do we keep you fresh more time , and better freshness , more freshness , three times .
Things like those who highlights the benefits .
MS : And that 's a dollar company .
What about me ? What about a common guy ?
I need to talk to the man in the street , people like me , to the commons .
They have to talk to me about my brand .
MS : How do you define your brand ?
Man : Mmm my brand ?
I do n't know .
I like good clothes .
Woman : revive the '80s , punk punk unless it 's a laundry day .
MS : Okay , what is the <unk> brand ?
<unk> : Something unique . ( MS : One ) Man : I guess the kind of gender , the style that I have would be like a dark <unk> .
I like a lot of dark colors , lots of gray tiles and things like that .
I usually wear accessories as sunglasses , or I like crystals and similar .
Woman : If you 're Dan out a brand might be a classic <unk> , ' Mercedes Benz .
Man 2 : The brand that I am , I would call him casual <unk> .
Woman 2 : On a hippie part , in part <unk> , in part <unk> , I do n't know .
Man 3 : I 'm the kind of pets .
<unk> toys to pets in the country and in the world .
So I guess that 's my brand .
In my little sector , that 's my brand .
Man 4 : My brand is FedEx because they deliver commodities .
Man 5 : Nation <unk> failed .
Is that something ?
<unk> : I 'm a <unk> .
Tom : I 'm Tom .
MS : Well , not all of us can be branded , Tom , but I often get rid of the intersection of dark <unk> ' and casual <unk> .
I realized I needed an expert .
I needed somebody who could get into my head , someone who could help me understand what they call the `` <unk> personality . ''
And I found a company called Olson <unk> in Pittsburgh .
They helped companies like <unk> , <unk> , Hallmark to discover that brand personality .
If they were able to do it for them , they could surely do it for me .
<unk> : <unk> the photos , right ?
MS : Yes . The first picture is a familiar picture .
A little bit about how it relates to your thoughts and feelings of being .
MS : These people shape my way to see the world .
A : Tell me about that world .
MS : That world ? I think your world is the world that you live in -- like the people around you , your friends , your family , the way you live your life , the work you do .
All those things come from and start in a place and in my case come from and start in my family , in West Virginia .
A : What 's the next one you want to talk about ?
MS : The next is the best day of my life .
A : How does this relate to your thoughts , feelings and your way ?
MS : It 's like who I would like to be .
I like different things .
I like weird things . I like weird things .
A : Tell me about why , what does that serve ?
What 's the machete ? What 's the moth phase to you now ?
Why is it important to reset ? What is the red ?
Tell me a little bit about that .
A little more than you , which is not who you are .
What other <unk> have you had ?
It does n't have to be frightened . What kind of rollercoaster are you ?
MS : <unk> ! ( A : Thank you . ) No , thank you .
A : Thank you for your patience . ( MS : Great work ) A : Yeah . ( MS : Thank you so much . ) Okay .
MS : Yes , I do n't know what 's going to come out of this .
There was a lot of madness in all of this .
<unk> <unk> : The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides , but complementary , on your brand personality , the Morgan <unk> mark is a <unk> brand .
They were very fine together .
And I think there 's almost a paradox in them .
And I think some companies just would have just been engaged in one of their strengths or the other instead of focusing on both .
A lot of companies tend to -- and it 's nature <unk> to avoid the things that are not safe ; they avoid fear , those elements , and you 're actually going to go back something positive for you , and it 's nice to see that .
What other brands are like that ?
The first here is classical , Apple .
And you can also see here with Target , Wii , <unk> <unk> and <unk> .
Now there 's playful and brands , those things that you 've gone and come out , but a <unk> brand is something pretty powerful .
MS : A <unk> brand . What 's your brand ?
If someone asks you to make your brand identity , your brand personality , what would it be ?
Are you a bottom-up attribute ? You 're somebody who makes your blood flow ?
Or are you being a good attribute ?
A little more quiet , reserved , conservative ?
Their attributes are like being playful to be fresh as the Prince , contemporary , adventurous , bold or audacious , like <unk> <unk> , fast or agile , profane , dominant , magical or mystic , like <unk> .
Or are you now more of your descending attribute ?
Are you conscious , sophisticated like <unk> ?
Are you established , traditional provider , provider , protective ? Do you say that Oprah ?
Are you reliable , stable , familiar , reliable , confident , honest , contemplative , like the Dalai Lama or <unk> ?
In the course of this film , we had over 500 , bottom-up , descending companies , who said , `` No , '' they did n't want to be part of this project .
They did n't want to have anything to do with this film , mainly because they would n't have control , they would n't have control over the final product .
We were allowed to tell the story of the <unk> , and we 've got to tell the story in this movie of how we now use MRI to identify the centers of desire in the brain so much for commercial marketing as a film .
We went to the Paulo , where the advertisement in the open .
Throughout the city over the last five years there 's no fences , there 's no posters , there 's nothing , there 's nothing .
And we went to school districts where companies are going on way in schools with liquidity issues in the U.S .
The amazing thing to me is that the projects I 've had the biggest answer or the ones that I 've had more success is the ones I 've interacted with things directly .
And that 's what these brands made .
So let 's go to the <unk> , they took out to their agencies , and they said , maybe these agencies do n't have my best interest in mind .
I 'm going to treat the artist directly .
I 'm going to work with him to create something different , something that 's going to make people think about people , which is going to challenge the way we look at the world .
And how did you go ? They succeeded ?
Well , ever since the film was released at Sundance , let 's take a look .
According to <unk> the film in January , and since then -- and this is not <unk> , we 've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film .
This covers just a period of two and a half weeks .
That 's just online , no press , no TV .
The movie is still not <unk> .
It 's still not online . It 's not in <unk> .
It 's not even shown in other countries yet .
Ultimately , this movie has already begun to win momentum .
And it 's not bad because almost all the agencies that we talked to their clients will not be part of .
I 've always believed that if you risk yourself , if you take risks , that in those risks there are opportunities .
I think when you take people out of that pushing the failure .
I think that when you train your employees at risk is preparing their entire company to be about rewards .
I feel that what has to happen to move forward is we have to encourage people to risk .
We have to animate people who are not afraid of the opportunities that they can make .
Ultimately , I think we have to give it a fear of fear .
We have to put that bear in a cage .
They 're afraid of fear . We 'll give the risk .
From a <unk> at the time , we have to embrace risk .
And ultimately , we have to house transparency .
Now more than ever a little bit of honesty is going to go a long way .
And saying this , with honesty and transparency , all of my talk `` <unk> '' has been presented by my good friends of <unk> who for dollars and bought the rights of the name in <unk> .
<unk> : <unk> big data in big opportunities for companies around the world .
<unk> presents the Transparency .
Thank you very much .
June Cohen : So Morgan of the name of transparency , which happened exactly with those dollars ?
MS : It 's an exceptional question .
In my pocket , I have a check on the name of the TED matrix , the Sapling Foundation , a check for fun dollars to be applied to me for the next year .
The idea behind the computer worm worm is actually very simple .
We do n't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb .
Their biggest active to develop nuclear weapons is the <unk> <unk> plant .
The gray boxes that you see are real-time systems in real time .
If we managed to engage these systems that control speeds and valves , we can cause a lot of problems in a centrifuge .
The gray boxes do n't use Windows software ; they 're from a completely different technology .
But if we were able to put a cash virus out of Windows on a laptop that 's used by an engineer to set up this gray box , then we 're ready .
This is the plan behind Stuxnet .
We started with a Windows <unk> .
<unk> enters the gray box , damages a centrifuge , and the Iranian nuclear program is taken ; mission accomplished .
Is it easy , eh ?
I want to tell you how we discovered this .
When we started to investigate Stuxnet six months ago , the purpose was completely unknown .
The only thing that you knew is that it 's very , very complex at the top of Windows : <unk> would use multiple <unk> vulnerabilities .
It seemed like to want to do something with these gray boxes , these control systems .
That struck us the attention , and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Stuxnet , and we saw what happened with this .
So they spent very strange things .
Stuxnet actually behaves like a laboratory in the lab to which our cheese liked : they wave it , but I did n't want to eat .
It did n't make sense for me .
And then after experimenting with different flavors of cheese , I realized , and I thought , this is an Australian attack .
It 's completely addressed . ''
The <unk> is actively searching in the gray box if it finds a specific configuration , and even if the program that 's trying to infect is actually working on that place .
If no , Stuxnet does n't do anything .
So that called my attention , and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day , because I thought , `` We do n't know what the goal is . ''
It could be , let 's say for example , a U.S. energy plant , or a chemical plant in Germany .
Better than you would get the goal soon .
So , we pulled out , and we took off the code code , and we discovered that it was structured in two digital bombs : a small one .
We also saw that they were very professionally armed by people who obviously had all the internal information .
Let 's go through all the points that I attack .
You probably even know how much matches the operator .
So you know everything .
And if you 've heard that Stuxnet 's sonar is complex and high-tech , let me tell you : the payload is very complex .
It 's very much above all we 've seen before .
Here 's a sample of this set code .
We 're talking about 15,000 lines of code .
It looks pretty much like the old <unk> language .
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code .
What we were looking at at the beginning were calls to function of the system , because we know what they do .
Then we were looking at <unk> and data structures and we tried to deal with the real world , with potential targets of the real world .
We need theories about recipients that we could pass or <unk> .
To get to theories about goals about goals , we remember that it 's definitely a violent <unk> , and it 's probably located in Iran , because it 's where most of the infections has been <unk> .
You do n't find several thousand goals in that area .
It basically boils down to the nuclear energy plant and the <unk> plant .
So I said to my assistant , `` Let 's get a list of all the experts in <unk> and energy plants between our clients . ''
I called them up and I was consulted to marry their experience with what we find in code and data .
And it worked pretty well .
So we were able to associate the little digital <unk> with a rotor of rotor .
The rotor is that mobile part inside of a centrifuge , that black object you see .
If they run the speed of this rotor , they certainly can <unk> and even make a centrifuge explode .
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and <unk> in an effort to go back to the nest engineers crazy , so they could n't solve this very quickly .
We tried to figure out the big digital <unk> by looking at the data and their structures .
So , for example , the number <unk> shows up in that code , you ca n't afford it .
I began to investigate scientific literature on how these <unk> are built in <unk> and found that they 're structured in what 's called a waterfall , and every waterfall contains <unk> <unk> .
That made sense , there was a coincidence .
And it got better yet .
These <unk> in Iran are split in 15 parts called stages .
And guess what we found in the attack code ?
It 's almost identical structure .
So again , that was a good coincidence .
This gave us a lot of confidence in understanding what we had with the hands .
For no misunderstanding : it was n't .
The results have been taken after several weeks of hard work .
It 's routinely <unk> in dead ends , and we had to go back .
And yet , we discovered that both of the digital <unk> would look at a single and very goal , but from different angles .
The small <unk> is taking a waterfall , and making the rotors and <unk> , and the big <unk> communicates with six waterfalls and manipulating valves .
In addition , we 're very confident that we 've determined what the recipient is .
It 's <unk> , and it 's just <unk> .
We should n't worry that other goals are <unk> by Stuxnet .
Here I 'm showing you some very interesting things that we saw , really impressed me .
There 's the gray box , and you see the <unk> .
What this thing is doing is <unk> the values of sensors for example , of pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provides legitimate code , which is still running during the attack , with false input data .
And believe it or not , this false entry data is <unk> by Stuxnet .
It 's like the Hollywood movies where , during theft , the security camera feeds on <unk> video .
Is it great huh ?
The idea here is obviously not just <unk> the operators in the room of control .
It 's really much more dangerous and aggressive .
The idea is to give you a digital security system .
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast .
For example , in a energy plant , when the big steam turbine goes out of speed , you have to open up your escape valves .
Obviously , this ca n't do it a human operator .
That 's where we need digital security systems .
And when they 're committed , then you can make bad things .
The plant can exploit .
And no <unk> and the security system will notice it .
That scares me .
But it can be worse .
What I 'm going to say is very important .
Think about this . This attack is generic .
It has nothing to do , specifically , with <unk> , with uranium <unk> .
It could work also , for example , in an energy plant , or in a automotive factory .
It 's generic .
And you do n't have .
You could also use conventional technology of worms to go .
We would spend the most possible .
And if you made that , what you 're doing with is a <unk> of mass destruction .
That 's the consequence we have to face .
Unfortunately , the biggest number of goals for those attacks are not in the Middle East .
It 's in the United States and Japan .
All the green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals .
We have to face the consequences , and we need to face the consequences of it , and we need to deal with the consequences .
Thank you .
Chris Anderson : I have a question .
Ralph , it 's been public in many sides that people assume that the <unk> is the main entity behind this .
What 's your view ?
Ralph <unk> : Okay ? Do you really want to hear this ?
Yeah .
My view is that the <unk> is involved , but the engine is not Israel .
The engine behind this is cyber superpower .
There is one , and that 's the United States , fortunately , fortunately .
Because otherwise , our problems would be even bigger .
CA : Thank you for <unk> . Thank you , Ralph .
I want you to imagine a robot that 's going to take you and give them a <unk> skills , or one that makes users of wheelchair users and walk back .
In <unk> <unk> , we call these robots , exoskeletons .
They 're not different from something that goes in the morning , it gives you a big force , which also increases your speed , and helps it , for example , to manage balance .
It 's actually true integration of man and machine .
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other people outside .
This is not a false idea .
So to show you now what we 're working on , we started talking about the U.S. soldier who , on average , has to take on their back a load of 45 kilos , and it 's going to take even more equipment .
Obviously , this leads to some important complications -- injuries on your back , in 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage of my back .
So we decided to contemplate this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help handle the issue .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> .
Soldier : With the exoskeleton , I can carry 90 kilos for variables for variables for many hours .
Their flexible design , allows you to put to crawl and to run movements with enormous agility .
I want to do what I want to do , or where I want to go , and then it rises my strength and my resistance .
<unk> <unk> : We 're ready , with our industrial partner , to produce this device , this new exoskeleton , this year .
So it 's a reality .
So let 's go back to the users of wheelchair users , what I feel particularly passionate about .
There are 68 million people , about , on the wheels , all over the world .
Like one percent of the total population .
And this is a really conservative calculation .
We talk about something that happens often , very young people , with the spinal cord that when you start their life -- at 20 , 30 or 40 years ago -- collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice .
We 're also talking about the population that gets older than just orbiting quickly .
Their only choice , many times -- for a brain injury or some other complication -- it 's the wheelchair .
And this has been this for the last 500 years , from his successful emergence , as I have to recognize .
So we decided to start by writing a new chapter on mobility .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> that 's using Amanda <unk> who 's 19 years ago had an injury in the spinal cord , and as a result he could n't go back for 19 years , so far .
Amanda <unk> : Thank you .
EB : Amanda is using our <unk> , which I mentioned .
It has some sensors .
<unk> no further <unk> on crutches to send signals to the computer on board , here on the back .
There 's also some batteries that give the motors to the engines on the hips , and on the knees , and they make it move forward with this soft and very natural .
AB : I was 24 years old at the top of my life when , by a stranger jump in the air , skiing down the bottom .
In a fraction of a second , I lost all feeling and all the motion of the pelvis .
A short time later , a doctor walked into my room in the hospital , and he said , `` Amanda , you 'll never walk . ''
That happened 19 years ago .
So I stole the last bit of hope of my self .
<unk> technology since then , has allowed me to learn to <unk> on <unk> , climbing rocks and even ride in hand bicycle .
But they have n't invented anything that allows me to walk , so far .
Thank you .
EB : As you can see , we have the technology , we have the platforms to sit and talk to you .
It 's in our hands , and we have all the potential here to change life to future generations -- not only of soldiers , but Amanda , and all the users of a wheelchair , everyone .
AB : Thank you .
I 've just come back from a community that has the secret of human survival .
It 's a place where women have the baton , practice sex to say hello , and play is the order of the day -- where fun is serious .
And no , it 's not the festival of Man <unk> or San Francisco .
Ladies and gentlemen , meet your cousins .
This is the world of the wild bonobos of Congo .
The bonobos are , along with chimpanzees , their closest living relatives .
That means that we all share a common ancestor , an evolutionary grandmother , who lived about six million years ago .
Now the chimps are known for their assault .
But unfortunately , we 've made too much emphasis on this in our narratives of human evolution .
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin .
Whereas the chimps are dominated by large , terrifying , terrifying society is in charge of females with power .
These guys have created something special , because this leads to a very tolerant society where mortal violence has not been observed .
But unfortunately , the bonobos are the least <unk> of great apes .
They live in the depths of the rainforest , and it 's been very difficult to study them .
Congo is a paradox -- an extraordinary land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty , but also the heart of the <unk> itself -- stage of a violent conflict that has been prolonged for decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War .
No wonder that this destruction also puts the survival of the Bonobo .
The trade of hunting meat and deforestation makes you not fill up or a stadium with the bonobos who stay in the world -- and honestly , we 're not sure that .
However , in this land of violence and chaos , you can hear the hidden laughter <unk> the trees .
Who are these cousins ?
We know them as the apes , `` make love , not war , '' because they have frequent <unk> , <unk> and bisexual to handle conflicts and solve social problems .
I 'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity , because life 's life is more than <unk> <unk> .
The bonobos , like humans , love to play throughout their lifetime .
Play is not just a game of children .
For us and for them , the game is fundamental to establish links and encourage tolerance .
With him , we learn to trust , and we learn the rules of the game .
The game increases creativity and resilience and has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions , diversity of behaviors , diversity of connections .
And when you look at the Bonobo , Bonobo sees the exact basic evolutionary roots , the dance and the human ritual .
The game is the glue that binds us .
I do n't know how you play , but I want to show you a couple of unique , unique videos from the wild .
First , it 's a <unk> game , and I do n't talk about football .
Here 's a female and a young male in the middle of a persecution .
Look what she is doing .
It could be the evolutionary origin of the sentence : `` It has <unk> it . ''
I just think that in this case he loves it , right ?
Yes .
So sexual play is common in bonobos as humans .
And this video really is interesting because it shows -- this video really is interesting , because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to play -- like <unk> and also how the game requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time it 's more fun .
But play is <unk> .
The game is <unk> , it can take a lot of shapes , some of which are more <unk> , imaginative , curious -- maybe the place where the awe is being made .
And I want you to see -- this is <unk> , a young female , who 's playing with water .
I think , like she , sometimes play alone , and we explore the limits of our inner and external worlds .
And it 's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore , to interact , and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real well-being of creativity .
These are just small samples of the understanding that Bonobos give us our past and present .
But they also have a secret for our future , a future where we have to adapt to a increasingly difficult world to greater and more difficult creativity .
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities .
In other words , play is our adaptation .
To adapt successfully to a world that changes have to play .
But will we get into the top of our game capacity ?
The game is not <unk> .
The game is essential .
By bonobos and humans alike , life is not just cruel and ruthless .
When it seems to be less appropriate to play , you can be the moments where it 's the most urgent .
So , fellow primates , let 's embrace this gift of evolution and play together while <unk> creativity , friendship and wonder .
Thank you .
In New York , I 'm responsible for developing a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood .
When I 'm not fighting poverty , <unk> fires as a captain in a fire fire body .
And , in our city , where the volunteers , the highly skilled staff , you have to get to the fire site very soon to enter action .
I remember my first fire .
I was the second volunteer in the site , so I had a pretty high chance of going .
But there was still a race to foot against the other volunteers to get the captain in charge and find out what our task was .
When I found the captain , I was <unk> in a conversation with the owner of doubt passed through one of the worst days of his life .
We were in broad night , she was standing outside in the rain , under an umbrella , in my pajamas , <unk> , while his house was on fire .
The other volunteer I 'd just got before I was , <unk> <unk> <unk> first to the captain , and he asked her to go back and save the dog 's dog 's dog .
The dog ! I was <unk> <unk> !
There was a lawyer or <unk> of money that , during the rest of his life , I would have to tell the people that I entered a burning building to save a living , just because I won for five seconds .
Well , I was the next .
And the captain made me a <unk> .
He said , `` Bezos , I need to go home . ''
I need to go up , hold the fire , and bring this woman a pair of shoes . ''
I swear .
It was n't exactly what I expected , but I went -- I got the stairs , at the end of the hallway , went into the <unk> firemen that at that point , or less they 'd finished to turn off the fire , and I went into the fourth one looking for a pair of shoes .
I know what you 're thinking , but I 'm not a hero .
I took my load back to the staircase where I met my <unk> and the beautiful dog on the front door .
We got out of the house , the treasures for the house owner , where it was like waiting , his treasure received much more attention than mine .
A few weeks later the department received a letter from the house owner 's <unk> for the brave effort to save his house .
The kindness that she looked at for about the other was somebody had reached a pair of shoes .
Both in my calling in Robin Hood , as in my calling as a voluntary fireman I 'm witness with acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale , but also of grace and courage to the individual .
And you know what I 've learned ?
It all has its importance .
So when I look at this room to people who have achieved , or they are to accomplish , really remarkable levels of success , I 'd like to remind you of this : Do n't wait .
Do n't wait for winning the first million to make a difference in somebody 's lives .
If you have something to give , let 's go back now .
We 've got food in a dining room , <unk> a neighborhood park .
They 're mentors .
Not every day we 're going to have the opportunity to save someone 's lives , but every day we can influence somebody 's lives .
So I enter the game ; <unk> my shoes .
Thank you .
Bruno Giussani : Mark , Mark , comes back .
Mark Bezos : Thank you .
This may seem strange , but I 'm a big fan of the concrete block .
The first blocks of concrete is built in 1868 with a very simple idea , of cement modules of a fixed measure that fit together .
Very quickly , these became the most used construction unit in the world .
They have allowed us to build things bigger than us , like buildings or bridges , a brick at once .
Essentially , these blocks have become the pillars of our time .
Almost a hundred years later , in 1947 , determined it was determined .
He called the machine assembly brick .
And in a few years , the bricks bricks came to all the homes .
It 's estimated that they have made over 400 billion or 75 parts per person on the planet .
You do n't have to be an engineer to build beautiful bridges , buildings or houses .
AS has made it accessible .
LEGO simply took the block of concrete , the favorite in the world , and it turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination .
Meanwhile , exactly that same year , in the Bell labs , the next revolution was about to <unk> : the new building block .
The transistor was a small plastic unit that would take us from a world of static bricks stacked to a world where everything was interactive .
Just like the concrete block , the transistor allows you to create much larger circuits and more complex , a brick at once .
But there 's a main difference : The transistor was just for experts .
I do n't personally accept it , that the building blocks of our time are reserved for experts , so I decided to change it .
So eight years ago , when I was at the Media Lab , I began to explore the idea of taking the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers .
A few years ago , I started developing <unk> .
I 'm going to show you how they work .
<unk> are electronic modules each with a specific function .
They 're <unk> to be light , sound , motors and sensors .
And the best of all is that they come together by magnets .
So you ca n't fit it in a wrong way .
The bricks have a color code .
The green is the output , the blue is the current , the rose is the input and the orange color is the wire .
So you only have to assemble a blue one with a green one and very quickly you can start to make bigger circuits .
One blue with a green one produce light .
We can put a button in the middle and so we have a regulator .
If we change the button by a pulse of pulse , which is here , and now we have a <unk> .
We added this timbre to create more impact , and we have a noise machine .
I 'm going to stop this .
So beyond the simple game , <unk> are actually very powerful .
Instead of having to program , connecting and outdoor , <unk> , allowing us to program using very simple intuitive gestures .
To make it blink faster or slower , you just turn this button that makes your pulse faster or slower .
The idea behind <unk> is it 's a growing collection .
We want all the interactions in the world to <unk> bricks to use .
So lights , the sounds , solar panels , motors -- everything should be accessible .
We 've given the kids to see kids playing with them .
And it 's been an amazing experience .
The best thing is , how do you start to understand the electronics of every day that you do n't learn in schools .
For example , how a light of night , or why the door of an elevator is kept open , or how an iPod responds to touch .
We 've also led to <unk> for design schools .
So for example , designers without an online experience begin to play with <unk> as a material .
Here you can see , with paper bottles , and felt , we have <unk> .
So a few weeks ago , a couple of weeks ago , we took a <unk> for the Rhode Island School of Design , and they do n't have an engineering experience , only in cardboard and paper and you said , `` Make something .
Here 's an example of a project that you 've done , a labor cannon <unk> .
But wait , here 's my favorite project .
It 's a locust made of Play-Doh that 's got fear of darkness .
For these <unk> , <unk> became another material , electronics became another material .
And we want this material to reach out of all .
So <unk> has open source .
You can visit the website , download all the design files and make them .
We want to encourage a world of creators , inventors and collaborators , because this world we live in , this interactive world , is ours .
So let 's go ahead and invent .
Thank you .
Today , I 'm going to talk to you about the unexpected discoveries .
I work in the solar technology industry .
And my little company is seeking to engage with the environment .
distributed collaboration .
This is a little video of what we do .
Hmmm . Wait a moment .
You may take a little bit to charge .
We can -- we can continue better we leave the video .
No .
This is not ...
All right .
Solar is ...
Oh , I 've already been running over time ?
All right . Thank you very much .
A couple of years ago , I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians to take a year and work on an environment that represents almost everything that represents almost everything that it 's supposed to be hate .
The initiative was called <unk> for America and would be like a <unk> of Peace <unk> .
We had a few members each year and we put them to work with municipalities .
Instead of sending them to the Third World , we send to the wild world .
They made great applications ; they worked with the municipal employees .
Their task is to show the possibilities of technology today .
Think about it .
This is a hydrant from Boston City .
Here it comes up as if I would look for a quote , but what it really looks for is that somebody else would clean up when you 're trapped by the snow , because he knows it 's not very good by putting fires when it 's covered by a meter of snow .
How did I ask for help in this particular way ?
Last year in Boston we had a team of <unk> for America .
They were there in February , and at that time it takes a long year last year .
They realized that the city never wiped out these fire hydrants .
But one of the members called Erik <unk> noticed something else : the citizens cleaned with shovels the sidewalks right in front of them .
So he made any good programmer , I developed an app .
It 's a nice application that you can take a fire hydrant .
You accept <unk> when it snows .
By doing so , you put a name , in this case he put him up .
If you do n't , somebody can do it .
So it 's got a playful component .
It 's a modest app .
Maybe the smallest of the 21 applications happened last year .
But it does something that no other technology is achieved .
And it spreads out viral .
One responsible for the city of Honolulu , by seeing this application , realized that I could use it , not for the snow , but for citizens to have <unk> <unk> .
It 's very important that they work these wings of tsunami , but people would erased batteries .
That 's why they ask citizens to control them .
And then Seattle decided to use it to get the citizens to go there .
And Chicago just stopped throwing it up to make people go in to clean sidewalks , when it snows .
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it .
And this has been spread without friction , naturally and natural .
If you know a little bit of government technology , you know that this does n't normally happen .
The acquisition of software usually takes a couple of years .
Last year in Boston we had a team working on a project that took three people for two and a half months .
It was a tool that parents could choose the best public school for their children .
Then they told us that they made the normal canals have taken at least two years and side about two million dollars .
And that 's nothing .
Now there 's a project in the power of California in California that until the moment has taken two million dollars , and it does n't work .
And there are projects like this on every level of government .
That 's why an app that you show in a couple of days and <unk> <unk> is a kind of warning shot to the institution of the government .
It suggests the government better ways to work , not as in private companies , as many people think it should be .
It 's also not as a technological company , but rather as the Internet itself .
That is , without constraints , open and generative .
And that 's important .
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents a way to address the question of government that has the new generation , not as a problem of an institution , but as a collective action problem .
And that 's really good because it turns out we 're very good at collective action with digital technology .
And there 's a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy .
And it 's not only <unk> for America , but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities .
They have n't given up with the government .
They have a great frustration about that , but do n't complain , they fix .
And these people know something we 've lost .
And that is that if we left the feelings about politics , the line in the <unk> -- and all of those other things that get us crazy , the government is essentially , in essence , in the words of Tim <unk> , `` What we do together because we ca n't . ''
Now , many people have abandoned the government .
If you 're one of those people , I would ask you to do it , because things are changing .
Politics does n't change ; the government does .
And because the government ultimately helps us -- remember that from `` We , the people , '' the way to think about it will affect the way that change change .
I did n't know a lot of government when I started with this .
And as many people thought the government was to choose people to take charges .
Well , after two years , I 've come to the conclusion that the government is , especially about <unk> .
This is the center of <unk> and information service .
It 's the place that calls calls if you 're paying to 311 in America .
Scott <unk> this call .
He started <unk> in the official knowledge base .
I found nothing . It started with animal control .
And finally he said , `` Hey , you can open the gates of the house , get good music and see if you go ? ''
And it worked . So by Scott .
But that was n't the end of the <unk> .
Boston does n't have a call center .
It has an app , web and mobile phone called <unk> <unk> .
We did n't have that application .
It was the work of very smart people from the Office of New Year Boston .
One day , this really happened , is this order : `` Look at my garbage garbage . I do n't know if it 's dead .
How do I do the leave ? ''
The dynamic <unk> dynamics is different .
Scott was talking in person .
In <unk> <unk> , it 's all public , so you can all see this .
In this case , he saw a neighbor .
The next report said , `` I went up to the place , I found the garbage garbage behind the house .
<unk> ? Yeah . lived ? Yes .
I went home . I went home .
Good evening , sweet evening . ''
Pretty simple .
This is great . It 's the confluence of digital and physical .
And it 's also a great example of the income of the government for distributed voluntary collaboration .
But it 's also a great example of government as a platform .
And here I do n't necessarily mean the definition of the platform of the platform .
I 'm talking about a platform for people to join and help others .
So , a citizen helped another , but here the government had a key role .
I connected the two people .
And it could have been connected to the government services of necessary , but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services .
When one neighbor helps each other , we were bringing communities together .
If we call control of animals , that costs a lot of money .
One important thing that we have to think about the government is that it 's not the same as politics .
A lot of people understand it , but think that one is the entrance to the other .
That our input to the government system is the vote .
How many times have you chosen a political leader ? We sometimes spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader , and then we hope that the government reflects our values and satisfy our needs , but then we do n't see changes .
That 's because the government is like a huge ocean and politics is the <unk> surface .
Underneath is what we call bureaucracy .
And we say that word with a lot of contempt .
But it 's that contempt that 's keeping us out of that that we finance as something that operates in our against , that other thing , and we 're using it to be losing power .
People believe that politics is sexy .
If we want this institution , we 'll have to make the bureaucracy that 's sexy .
Because that 's where the real government 's true .
We have to collaborate with the machinery of governance .
That makes the <unk> movement .
Have you seen them ?
It 's a group of citizens concerned that they 've written a very detailed report of 325 pages in response to the order of the <unk> , about the financial Commission project .
That 's not political activism , it 's bureaucratic activism .
And for the ones that we have resigned myself to the government , it 's time to ask us what world we want to leave our children .
You have to see the huge challenges that they have to face .
Do you really think we will get to where we have to go without solving the institution that can act on behalf of all ?
We ca n't do government without government , we need to be more effective .
The good news is that with technology is possible to root to root , the function of government so that it can expand to strengthening civil society .
There 's a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it 's not so hard to act off , we only articulate the systems in the right way .
The average age of our members is 28 years old , so I , reluctantly , I 'm a bigger generation of a lot of them .
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving it almost for granted .
They 're not giving that battle that we all face about who 's going to talk ; everyone will talk .
You can express your views on any channel at the same time and do it .
So when they face the government problem , they do n't care a lot to make their voices hear .
They 're using your hands .
They put hands on the work to program apps that make it work better .
And those applications allow us to use our hands to improve our communities .
It can be cleaning a fire hydrant , taking out weeds and dumping a garbage cube that has a <unk> inside .
Of course , we could always have cleaned up those fire hydrants and many people do it .
But these applications are as a digital reminder that we 're not just consumers , not only consumer consumers that we pay taxes and get services .
We are more than that : we are citizens .
And we 're not going to fix the government until we do n't deal with citizenship .
So I want to ask all of us , when it comes to the important things that we have to do together , all together , will be a crowd of voices , or also there will be a crowd of hands ?
Thank you .
This is for me a true honor .
I 've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and on death row .
I 've spent most of my life in <unk> communities , in projects and places where there 's a lot of despair .
And I 'll be here at TED watching and hear these stimulation has given me a lot of energy .
One of the things that I 've noticed in this short time is that TED has identity .
And the things that you say here are impact around the world .
Sometimes , if something comes from TED , it makes a sense and a force that would n't have otherwise .
I 'm saying this because I think identity is important .
Here we 've seen fantastic presentations .
And I think we 've learned that the words of a professor can make a lot of sense , but if they 're taught with feeling , you can have special meaning .
A doctor can do good things , <unk> if it 's <unk> , it can get much more .
So I want to talk about the power of identity .
I did n't really learn this in the practice of the right , my job .
I learned it from my grandmother .
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American African-American family , who was my grandmother .
It was hard , it was strong , I had power .
It was the last word in all discussion in the family .
She <unk> many of the <unk> in our home .
He was a daughter of people who had been slaves .
Their parents were born in slavery in Virginia about 1840 .
She was born over the 1880s and his experience with slavery as a way to see the world .
She was tough , but she was also loving .
When I was a little girl , and I looked at her , she was approaching me and he gave me a good hug .
I was so hard that I could barely breathe , and then I 'm getting angry .
And one or two hours later , I went back to look at her , and I was approaching , and I was like , `` Hey , <unk> , you still feel my hug ? ''
And if I was saying no , I 'll hold myself again , and if I said yes , I left peace .
He had this human quality that made you always wish to be close to it .
The only problem is that I had 10 children .
My mother was the least 10 .
Sometimes , when I was going to spend a while with her , it was n't easy to capture their time and their attention .
My cousins were running everywhere .
I remember when I was eight , nine years old , I woke up one morning , I went to the room , and they were running all my cousins .
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me .
And I initially thought it was a game .
And then he looked at her and smiles , but she was very serious .
After 15 minutes , she got up , went through the room , took me out of my hand and said , `` You see <unk> . We 're going to talk .
I remember this as if it was yesterday .
I will never forget it .
It took me out and said , `` <unk> , I 'll tell you something , but you ca n't tell anybody . ''
I said , `` Okay , Mama . ''
She said , `` Now I 'm going to assume you wo n't . '' I said , `` Sure . ''
Then I sat down , and he looked at me and said , `` I want you to know I 've been watching . ''
And he said , `` I think you 're special . ''
He said , `` I think you can do anything you want . ''
I will never forget it .
Then he said , `` I just want you to get three things out of me , <unk> . ''
I said , `` Sure , Mama . ''
And he said , `` The first thing I want you to do is you want to want your mother . ''
<unk> : `` She 's my <unk> , and you have to <unk> that always <unk> . ''
As I loved my mom , I said , `` Yes , Mama , I 'll do it . ''
Then he said to me , `` The second thing I want you to ask me is that you 're always going to do the right thing even though the right thing is . ''
And I thought , `` Yes , Mama . So I 'll do it . ''
Then finally he said , `` The third thing I want you to do is have never <unk> alcohol . ''
I was nine years old , and I said , `` Yes , Mama , I 'll do it . ''
I grew up in the field , in the South south . I have a brother a single year and a sister a year a year .
When I was 14 15 , one day my brother came home with a <unk> package , I do n't know where he pulled it up , grabbed my sister and me and went for the forest .
We just just do the crazy things .
He took a drink of beer , he offered my sister , she took a little bit and was offered me to me .
I said , `` No , no , no . Okay . You follow , but I 'm not going to make beer . ''
My brother said , `` Come on . Today , we 're going to <unk> it . And you always do the same thing as we .
I took something , your sister also . Take a beer . ''
I said , `` No . I wo n't feel good . You can follow . ''
Then my brother looked at me .
And he said , `` What 's wrong ? Take a beer . ''
It took me the force and went on , `` Oh , it wo n't be you still thinking about the conversation with Mama . ''
I said , `` What are you talking about ? ''
He said , `` Mama tell all the grandchildren that are special . ''
I was broken .
I have to admit something to you .
I 'll tell you something that probably should n't say .
I know this will be widely spread .
But I 'm about 52 years , and I can admit that I 've never taken a drop of alcohol .
I 'm not saying this thinking is a virtue of virtue ; I 'm saying it because of the power that it has identity .
When we create the right type of identity , we say things to others who really do n't see meaning .
We ca n't get to do things that do n't think they can do .
I think my grandmother would naturally believed that all his grandchildren were special .
My grandfather had been in jail for the ban .
My uncles died of age-related diseases .
And these were the things that , according to her , we had to engage .
Now , trying to talk about our criminal justice system .
This country is very different today than it was 40 years ago .
There were 300,000 prisoners .
There 's 2.3 million today .
In the United States , we have the largest incarceration rate of the world .
We have seven million people in probation .
And this massive incarceration , in my view , has fundamentally changed our world .
In poor communities or black communities , it 's so much <unk> , so much despair , determined by these facts .
One of three black trees between 18 and 30 years is in jail or <unk> .
In the urban <unk> of the country , Los Angeles , Philadelphia , Baltimore , Washington , 50 to 60 percent of all the young color are in jail or <unk> .
Our system is not only distorted in front of race , it 's also about poverty .
In this country , we have a criminal justice system that 's much better about if you 're rich and guilty , that if you 're poor and innocent .
It 's not guilt , but wealth is something that affects the results .
And it seems like we feel very quiet .
The politics of fear and anger are making us believe that these are not problems our own .
We are disconnected .
It 's interesting to me .
We 're looking at our work , some developments in a certain developments .
In my own state , in Alabama , as well as in other states , they 're providing you for the time , if you have a criminal sentence .
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population has lost the right to vote .
And if we put it up to the next 10 years , the level of loss of rights will be as high as it was before we reached the law of the right to vote .
We have this amazing silence .
I represent children .
Many of my clients are very young .
America is the only country in the world where it sentence to 13-year-old boys to die in prison .
We have in this country jail for children , without possibility to come out .
Now we 're in process of some litigation .
The only country in the world .
I play people on death row .
This issue of death penalty is interesting .
In some sense , have you thought to us that the final question is , people deserve to die by <unk> <unk> ?
A very sensitive question .
But you can think of another way about how we are in our identity .
There 's another way to look at it : it 's not trying to decide whether people deserve to die by crimes crimes , but if we deserve to kill .
This is interesting .
The death penalty in America is defined by error .
Of every nine people executed , it has identified one that 's innocent , which is <unk> and released from death row .
One rate of error , amazing , an innocent <unk> .
This is interesting .
aviation would not ever allow to fly airplanes if it was nine than you would take off , you would have gone .
But somehow we cut out of the problem .
It 's not our problem .
It 's not our load .
It 's not our struggle .
I talk a lot about these things .
I 'm talking about race and this thing if we deserve to kill .
It 's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history , I 'm talking about slavery .
I talk to you about terrorism , the time it started at the end of the rebuilding , and that lasted for the Second World War .
Really , we do n't know a lot about this .
But for black Americans in this country , it was a defined time by terror .
In many communities , people were afraid to be <unk> .
They were worried about being bombarded .
The terror threat was what defined his lives .
Now there are older people who are closer to me and say , `` Mr. Stevenson , you give talks to talks , narratives . <unk> people to stop saying that in our history we deal with saying that in our first time with terrorism , after the <unk> . ''
They ask me to say , `` No . Say that we grew up with that . ''
The age of terrorism went on , obviously , with segregation and decades of racial analyses and separation .
In this country , we have a dynamic that we do n't like to talk about our problems .
We do n't like to talk about our story .
And that 's why we have n't understood what we 've historically done .
All the time with each other .
We constantly created tensions and conflicts .
It costs us work to talk about races . I think it 's because we 're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation .
In South Africa , people understood that they could n't overcome the segregation without a commitment to truth and reconciliation .
In Rwanda , even before the genocide had this commitment , but in this country we have n't done it .
I was in Germany giving conferences on death row .
It was fascinating , because one of the teachers stood up after my presentation and said , `` You know it 's good to listen to what you say . ''
<unk> : `` We do n't have death penalty in Germany .
Now , naturally we can never get it here . ''
The room was silent and a lady said , `` There 's no way that with our history , we can never get into the systematic death of human beings .
It would be irrational , we , intentional and deliberately , we put people out . ''
It 's about this .
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany , would execute people , especially if they were in their most Jews ?
We could n't tolerate it .
It would be irrational .
And yet , there is this disconnect .
I think our identity is in danger .
If we do n't really care about these hard issues , positive and wonderful things are , however , involved .
We love innovation .
We 're fascinated by technology . We 're fascinated by creativity .
We love entertainment .
But lately , those realities are driven by suffering , abuse , degradation , <unk> .
In my view , it 's necessary to integrate both things .
Today we talk about the need to have more hope , more engagement , more dedication with the basic challenges of this complex world .
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor , the <unk> , the ones that never come to TED .
And thinking about them , in a way , something that is inside our own .
We really have to believe in issues that we have n't seen .
So we are . In spite of being so rational , so committed to intellectual .
With innovation , with creativity . development comes not only about brain ideas .
These things come from adverse ideas also by the convictions of heart .
This connection of mind with heart is what drives us to look not just in the brilliant and dazzling , but also dark and hard .
It 's called <unk> , the great leader was talking about this .
He said , `` When we were in Eastern Europe suffering , we wanted all sorts of things , but mainly what we needed was hope , guidance for spirit , a will for being in places of despair and to witnesses . ''
Well , that orientation for the spirit is pretty much in the heart of what I believe , that even in communities like TED , it has to engage .
There 's no disconnect related to technology and design , which allows us to truly be human , if we do n't pay attention to poverty , exclusion , to inequality , injustice .
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things .
We go back to find them .
I had the great privilege , being a very young lawyer , to meet Rosa Parks .
These women got together just to speak .
Occasionally , the lady was calling me , he called me , `` <unk> , '' Mrs. Parks . We 're going to get together to speak .
Do you want to come and listen ? ''
I said , `` Yeah . I want to . ''
So she said , `` Well , what are you going to do when you come ? ''
I answered , `` <unk> . ''
So I was going to just listen to it .
It was a very <unk> , very <unk> .
And at one occasion , I was there , listening to these ladies , and after a couple of hours , Ms. Parks has led to me and said , `` Now , let me tell you , give me this idea of equal justice .
Tell me what you 're trying to do . ''
And I began to give him my speech .
I said , `` Well , we 're trying to question injustice .
We try to help those who have been convicted unfairly .
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice .
We try to end the life sentences for life , without parole for the children .
We try to do something about death row .
We try to reduce the population in jails .
We try to end up with the massive <unk> . ''
I gave it all my best speech , and he looked at me and said , `` Hmm . ''
And he said , `` <unk> exhausted , very exhausted . ''
At the time , Ms. <unk> leaned down , he put his finger on the face and said , `` That 's why you have to be very , very brave . ''
I think that actually , the TED community has to be much more nuanced .
We have to find a way to address those challenges , those problems , that suffering .
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others .
I 've learned some very simple things in my work .
I 've been educated in simple things .
I 've come to understand and believe that each one of us is superior to the worst we 've ever made .
I think that 's true for everybody on the planet .
I 'm convinced that if somebody says a lie , it 's not because it 's a liar .
I 'm sure if somebody takes something that does n't belong , is n't it a thief .
Even if someone kills each other , it 's not a killer .
So I think there 's a basic dignity in people who should be respected by law .
I also believe that in many parts of this country and certainly in many parts of the world , the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
That 's not .
I really think that in many parts the opposite of poverty is justice .
And finally , I think it 's very dramatic , very beautiful , very <unk> , very stimulating , we do n't judge ourselves by our technology , for our designs , or not our intellectual capacity or rational .
Ultimately , judging the character of a society , not because of how rich rich , powerful and privileged , but as they treat the poor , convicted , prisoners .
Because it 's in this context as we started to understand truly profound topics about what we are .
Sometimes I feel <unk> . I 'm going to end up with a story .
I sometimes make too much force .
<unk> tired , like everybody .
Sometimes those ideas are beyond my audience in an important way .
I 've been representing these kids that have been convicted of toughness .
I 'm going to jail and I see my clients from 13 and 14 years old , who have been <unk> for them as adults as adults .
And I start thinking , how can it be ?
How can a judge turn to become somebody who is n't ?
The judge as an adult , but I see a child .
I was very late at night I was awake thinking -- God , if the judge can become something you 're not , you must have magic powers .
Yes , <unk> , the judge has magic powers .
You should ask for something of that .
As it was very late , I could n't think right , but I started working on a <unk> .
He had a 14-year-old customer , a small , poor , black .
I started to work on the <unk> , with a <unk> that said , `` You know , <unk> for my 14-year-old , who 's been treated as a <unk> white target , executive from a corporation . ''
In the <unk> , I found that there had been improper behavior in the accusation , in the behavior of the police and in the process .
There was a bold line about how in this country is no ethics , but a lack of ethics .
The next morning , I woke up thinking , `` <unk> <unk> would be a dream , or actually I wrote it ? ''
For my horror , not only had it <unk> , but he had sent it to court .
It took about two months , I had forgotten .
And I finally decided -- God , I have to go to court for this stupid case .
I got into the car , and I felt really overwhelmed , overwhelmed .
I went in the court to court .
I thought this would be very difficult and pitiful .
I finally got off the car . I walked to court .
I was going up the stairs when I found myself with a black man ; it was the courthouse .
When he saw me , he came up to me and said , `` Who is you ? ''
I said , `` I 'm a lawyer . '' He replied , `` Is you a lawyer ? '' I said yes .
So I approached myself and hugged me .
And I whispered into the ear .
He said , `` I 'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you now that that was <unk> .
That gets deeply connected to me with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope .
Well , I went into audiences room .
When I come in , the judge saw me .
And he said , `` Mr. Stevenson , you wrote this bold <unk> ? ''
I said , `` Yeah , I went . '' And we started discussing .
People started coming . They were all upset .
I was the one that had written those crazy crazy things .
You got police prosecutors , <unk> .
Suddenly , without knowing how , the room was full of people . Everybody furious because we talked about races , because we talked about inequality , because we talked about inequality .
With the corner of the eye , I went to see the superintendent that went and came .
I would look at the window , and you 'll try to hear all that <unk> .
I kept walking over here and there .
Finally , this old black man , with a face of concern , walked in the room and sat behind me , almost on the lawyers table .
About 10 minutes later , the judge will take a break .
During the break , a sheriff 's assistant was upset , because she had entered the room .
The assistant <unk> over the old black .
And he said , `` Jimmy , what do you do in the audiences room ? ''
And the old black man stood up , looked at the assistant , looked at me and said , `` I went into this audience room to tell this young man who would keep his view in the goal with <unk> . ''
I 've come to TED , because I think many of you understand that the moral bow of the universe is very large , but it folds towards justice .
That we can not truly be human beings if we do n't care about human rights and for dignity .
That our survival is bound to each other .
That our visions of technology , design , entertainment and creativity they have to bind to honeybees , compassion and justice .
And on top of all , those of you who share this , I simply want to tell you that keep your view in the goal with ease .
Thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You just heard and see an obvious desire in the audience , from this community , to help in your purposes , to do something .
Something that 's not a check . What can we do ?
BS : There are several opportunities nearby .
If you live in the state of California , for example , there will be a <unk> , this spring in which you 're going to make an effort to get the funding that you spend today in punishment policy .
For example , here in California , you 'll spend a billion dollars in death row , in the next five years . A billion dollars .
And despite this , 46 percent of the cases of murder is not <unk> in arrests .
56 percent of rapes do n't get to anything .
Here 's a chance of change .
This <unk> is going to propose that it 's going to come out with these funds to get the law , to security .
I think there 's a very close opportunity .
CA : There 's been a huge decline in crime in the United States , in the last three decades .
And part of the explanation , it 's told you have to do with the biggest incarceration rate .
What would you say to those who think that 's like this ?
BS : Actually , the crime rate with violence has remained relatively stable .
The big growth in mass incarceration in this country is not by crimes with violence .
It 's because of the wrong war against drugs .
That 's why this dramatic increases in the prison population .
And we got to convince ourselves by the rhetoric of punishment .
We have three legal causes to bring people to life for life -- to rob a bicycle , by small crimes against property , instead of making it <unk> those resources to their victims .
I think we have to do more to help the victims of <unk> and not less .
It seems to me that our current philosophy of punishment does nothing .
I think that 's the orientation that has to change .
CA : <unk> , you 've been excited today .
You 're very inspiring .
Thank you very much for having come to TED . Thank you .
Announcer : They grow the threats to Bin Laden 's death .
Announcer : <unk> in Somalia . <unk> 3 : The police thrown out O.C . spray .
<unk> 4 : <unk> <unk> . <unk> 5 : <unk> <unk> .
Voice 6 : <unk> social . <unk> : 65 : 65 .
Voice 8 : tsunami tsunami . <unk> 9 : <unk> .
Several <unk> : War . <unk> mass . <unk> .
Back . <unk> . <unk> end . Egypt . Syria .
Crisis . Death . <unk> .
Oh , my God !
Peter Diamandis : These are just some of the clips I got in the last six months . <unk> could be over the last six days or the last six years .
The idea is that press media prefer negative news because our minds are paying attention to them .
And that responds to a very good reason .
In every second of every day , our senses get a lot more data than probably the brain can process .
And as nothing matters to us more than survival , the first stop in all of that data is an old snippet of the temporal lobe called the amygdala .
The amygdala is our early warning detector , the danger detector .
<unk> and record all the information looking for something in the environment that could hurt us .
So from a <unk> of stories , you look at the negative .
That old saying about the press : `` If there 's blood , it sells , '' it 's very true .
And because all digital devices give us negative news seven days a week , 24 hours a day , no wonder that we 're pessimistic .
It 's not surprising that people think that the world is going to go wrong .
But maybe it 's not .
Maybe , instead , what really happens is that we get <unk> .
Perhaps that huge progress made in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating in such a way that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades .
I 'm not saying that we do n't have our good problems : climate change , the extinction of species , water scarcity and energy ; we have no question .
As humans , we 're very good at <unk> problems , and at the long time , we just ended up with them .
Let 's take what happened in the last century to see where we go .
In the last hundred years , the average life has been more than doubled , average per capita adjusted per capita adjusted per capita has tripled all over the world .
Child mortality has reduced 10 times .
Also , the cost of food , of electricity , transportation and communications , has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times .
Steve Pinker showed us that we are living the most peaceful time of human history .
And Charles Kenny that global literacy went from 25 percent to more than 80 percent in the last 130 years .
We 're really living at an extraordinary time .
Many people forget about it .
And we continue to live higher and higher expectations .
In fact , we redefined meaning of poverty .
Think about it today in America , much of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity , water , toilets , refrigerators , television , mobile , air conditioning .
The <unk> <unk> of the last century , the <unk> of the planet , would never have dreamed of luxury .
It 's a lot of this technology , and , lately , its exponential growth .
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that <unk> in information technology is going to jump on this curve , Moore 's Law , and doubling performance at the price of about 12 to 24 months .
That 's why the mobile phone that you have in your pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer supercomputer .
Now look at this curve .
It 's Moore 's Law for the last hundred years .
I want you to look at two things on this curve .
First , how smooth it is -- in good and bad times , in war and peace , recession , in depression and booming .
It 's the output of fast computers used to build faster computers .
It does n't stop any of the big challenges .
And even though it 's <unk> in a law on the left , the curve goes up .
The growth rate of technology is increasingly fast .
And on this curve , Moore 's Law , there 's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today .
The computer in the cloud , which my friends in Autodesk call infinite computation , sensors and networks , robotics , 3D printing and their ability to democratize personalized production across the planet , synthetic biology , the fuel , the vaccines and the food , our synthetic biology , both denial and A.I , and the AI .
I mean , how many you saw victory on `` Jeopardy , '' of Watson , of IBM ?
It was epic .
I sought in the newspapers the best headline I had .
And I loved this : `` Watson <unk> to competitors . ''
So `` Jeopardy is not an easy game . ''
It plays with the nuances of human language .
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud , available to everyone in your cell phone .
Four years ago , here at TED , Ray Kurzweil and I , launched a new university called <unk> University .
We teach these technologies to our students , and in particular , how can they be used to solve the big challenges of humanity .
And every year we asked them to release a company , or a product or service that can affect the lives of a billion people in a decade .
Think about that , the fact that a group of students today can impact a billion people .
Thirty years ago , that would have absurd <unk> .
Today we can point out a <unk> of companies that have already done it .
When I think about creating abundance , it does n't mean creating fancy life for each of the planet ; it 's about creating a life of possible .
It 's about taking that that 's scarce and making it plentiful .
You see , scarcity is contextual , and technology is a force that releases resources .
I 'll give you an example .
This is a tale of Napoleon III in <unk> .
He 's the guy on the left .
He invited dinner the king of <unk> .
The Napoleon 's troops ate with covered with silver , and the same Napoleon , with covered with gold .
But the king of <unk> , ate with aluminum covered .
You see , aluminum was the most precious metal on the planet ; it was worth more than gold and platinum .
So that 's why the tip of the Washington Monument is aluminum .
You see , even though aluminum is that percent of the mass of the Earth , it does n't come as pure metal .
It 's tethered to oxygen and <unk> .
But then he got the <unk> and made the aluminum so cheap that we used it as if it was <unk> .
So let 's take this analogy into the future .
Let 's think about energy scarcity .
Ladies and gentlemen , we 're on a planet bathed for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year .
They come to Earth 16 <unk> energy every year .
It 's not scarcity , it 's about accessibility .
And there 's good news .
This year , for the first time , the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the computer-generated of diesel : <unk> rupees versus 17 rupees .
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year .
Last month , MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade , in the <unk> parts of the United States , solar electricity will cost six cents an hour compared to 15 cents in national average .
And if we have plenty of energy , we also have plenty of water .
Let 's talk about the wars in the water .
You remember when Carl Sagan pointed the spacecraft Voyager on the Earth , in 1990 , after Saturn ?
So I picked up a famous picture . How was it called ?
`` A pale blue dot . ''
Because we live on an water planet .
We live on a planet covered in 70 percent of water .
Yes , <unk> percent is saltwater , two percent of it is ice , and we fight for half of the water on the planet , but also there is hope .
It 's an available technology not in 10 years , but right now .
It comes in nanotechnology , it comes together .
In a conversation with Dean Kamen , this morning , one of the innovators in the <unk> -- I 'd like to share with you , he gave me permission to do it -- his technology called <unk> <unk> <unk> is the size of a small fridge .
It 's able to generate 1,000 gallons of drinking water to a day of any salt , seawater , polluted water , a <unk> for less than two cents a gallon .
The CEO of Coca-Cola just remember that I 'll make a major test for hundreds of these units in the developing world .
If that comes out well , and I 've got full confidence that that way , that will be , Coca-Cola , we implement it globally in <unk> countries on the planet .
This is an ongoing innovation of this technology that we have today .
And we 've seen it in mobile phones .
My God , we 're going to get to 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the developing world in the end of 2013 .
Think about it , this <unk> warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 's 25 years ago .
And , from counting with a smartphone with a smartphone , it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago .
It lives in a world of abundance and communications and communications that nobody could have predicted .
Better than that , the things that you and I have paid tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars <unk> , video HD , images , libraries of books and music , <unk> technology , <unk> now and lose market value with mobile phones .
Maybe the best thing to come into health care .
Last month , I had the pleasure of announce with the <unk> Foundation , which is called the <unk> <unk> prize , 10 million dollars .
We 're challenging the teams of the world so that combine these technologies into a mobile device with which they talk about , and because it 's got AI , you can coughing out of your finger .
To win has to make better diagnostics than a certified medical team .
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors , where the load of morbidity is 25 percent , and there 's 1.3 percent of health workers .
Now , when this device is going to put up a RNA virus or DNA that does n't recognize , call the health care and , first , prevent the pandemic happening .
But this is the biggest force of producing a world of abundance .
I call it the <unk> billion .
The white lines here are the population .
We 've just passed the brand of seven billion .
By the way , the best protection against population explosion is to give the world of education and health .
In 2010 , we had less than two billion people online , connected .
By 2020 , it will go from two billion to five billion users of the Internet .
Three billion minds have never heard before the global conversation .
What would you want these people ?
What does n't you want to do ?
And instead of an economic collapse , we will have the greatest economic injection of history .
These people represent tens of trillions of dollars in the global economy .
And <unk> from more health because of <unk> , a better education with Khan Khan , and because of using 3D prints , and computation in the cloud will be more productive than ever before .
What can we provide three billion more of humanity , healthier and productive ?
How about voices never before heard ?
What if we give them the oppressed , wherever they are , a voice to be heard and be able to act for the first time ?
What about these three billion ?
And if you 're a contributions that we ca n't predict ?
One thing that I learned with the X Prize is that small teams , guided by their passion with a clear goal , they can do extraordinary things ; things that were previously allowed to make large corporations and governments .
I 'm going to end up with sharing a story that really got me excited .
There 's a program that probably some of you already know .
It 's called <unk> .
<unk> at the University of Washington , in Seattle .
It 's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein .
<unk> determine the structure and functionality .
It 's really important to medical research .
And so far , it was a <unk> problem .
They 've played this college teachers , among others .
Then hundreds of thousands of people joined together and began to play it .
And there 's been shown that today the machine recognition machinery is better folding protein than the best computers .
Ladies and gentlemen , what gives me a huge confidence in the future is that we have more power as people to take on the major challenges of the planet .
We have the tools with this exponential technology .
We have the passion of the innovative <unk> .
We have the capital of <unk> .
And we have three billion new minds that we 're going to be surprised to work on the solution of big challenges and do what we should do .
We have a few extraordinary decades .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk about a very small idea .
<unk> point .
And as the idea can be explained in a minute , I 'll give you three examples to make time .
The first story is about Charles Darwin , one of my heroes .
He was here , as you know , 1835 .
Maybe they believed that he cheated , but it did n't .
They actually pick up fish .
And he described one of them as very common .
It was the grouper .
It took it a lot to the 1880s .
Now the fish is in the <unk> Red List .
But we 've heard this story many times , about Galapagos and other places , so that has nothing special about it .
But the case is that we still come to the Galapagos .
We still think they 're <unk> .
The brochures still say they follow intact .
So what happens here ?
The second story , it also illustrates another concept : the displacement of the waist .
Because I was there in 1971 studying a lagoon in West Africa .
I was there because I grew up in Europe and then I wanted to work in Africa .
I thought it could be <unk> .
It burned very much with the sun , and I was convinced that I was n't there .
This is my first exposure to the sun .
The lagoon was surrounded by palms , and as you can see , of some mangroves .
There was about 20 inches , the tilapia of black beard .
And the fishing of this tilapia was very abundant , and it was happening for a good moment , so he made more of the average in Ghana .
When I went there 27 years later , the amount of fish had gone down .
It took five inches .
They 're using a genetic pressure .
There were still fish .
In a way , they were still happy .
And the fish were still happy to be there .
I mean , nothing changed , but everything has changed .
My third story is that I was learned in the introduction of fishing fishing in Southeast Asia .
In the 1970s , well , it started in the <unk> Europe made a lot of development projects .
The fishing development was to impose the countries that already had 100,000 fishermen , <unk> industrial fishing .
And this boat , rather ugly , called <unk> 4 .
I went to fishing on him , and we did studies in southern China 's Sea , <unk> , and especially in the Java of Java .
What we captured was something <unk> .
<unk> , now , the sea fund .
Ninety percent of what we captured was sponges , other animals that are in the background .
And most of the fish are tiny marks on some remains , remains that are fish of coral reef .
In short , the sea fund came to the deck and then was launched .
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast .
In one year , you do a study and then start fishing fishing .
The bottom of being a solid background of soft coral , in this case , will be <unk> .
This is a dead tortoise .
They did n't eat them . The <unk> , because they were dead .
We once captured a living .
I was still not <unk> .
Then they wanted to kill her because it was a good food .
This mountain of remains is what collected fishermen every time you go to an area where they have never fish .
But it 's not documented .
We turn the world , but we do n't remember it .
And we took the starting point , to the new level , without remembering what was there .
If you look at this , something like this .
On the Y-axis , we have good things : biodiversity , number of whales , the <unk> of the country , the water supply .
And that changes over time . It changes because people do things with <unk> .
Every generation to use the images received at the beginning of their conscious life as normal and extrapolate forward .
The difference is that they perceive the loss .
But they do n't perceive the loss that happened before .
You can analyze the accumulation of changes .
And at the end of the end , I 'm keeping a few remains .
And that , largely , we want to do it now .
We want to keep things that are no longer , or they 're not what they were .
But you should think that this problem is affecting people when societies are killing animals without knowing what they 've done to some generations later .
Because , obviously , an animal that is very abundant , before you go extinct , it 's unusual .
You do n't lose any <unk> animals .
You lose little animals .
Even if this is not perceived as a big loss .
Over time , we focused on big animals , and in a sea with big fish .
They 're becoming rare , because you get them .
Eventually , there are a few fish , but we think that 's the starting point .
And the question is , why do we accept this ?
Well , because we do n't know it was different .
In fact , many people , scientists , <unk> that was very different .
And you 'll do it because the evidence presented in a previous way is not the way they would expect to have evidence .
For example , the anecdote that some of them are presented with , as captain as I saw a lot of fish in this area ca n't be used or , usually they do n't use the scientists in the fish , because it 's not `` scientist . ''
So we have a situation where people do n't know the past , even though we lived in <unk> societies , because they do n't rely on the sources of the past .
There 's a huge piece of paper that can be a protected marine area .
Because with marine protected areas , we really recreated the past .
It takes off the past that people ca n't conceive of , because the starting point has gone and it 's extremely low .
That 's for people who can see a protected marine zone , and they can benefit from vision that provides them , which allows them to erase their starting point .
And what about the people who ca n't do it because they do n't have access , like people in the Midwest , for example ?
I think there 's the arts and film , maybe you can fill in the vacuum . The simulation .
This is a simulation of Chesapeake Bay .
A long time ago , there was gray whales in Chesapeake Bay ; 500 years ago .
And you may have noticed that the nuances and <unk> are like `` Avatar . ''
And if you think about `` Avatar , '' if you think about why people were moved with the movie -- you know , talk about the story of why they 're doing it with images ?
Because it raises something that , in a certain sense , has been lost .
So my recommendation , the only one to give , is Cameron , `` Avatar II '' underwater .
Thank you very much .
Hello . I 'm Kevin <unk> , the YouTube manager of YouTube , and I look at YouTube videos .
It 's true .
So we 're going to see why the videos are made viral and what importance is that .
We all want to be stars : celebrities , singers , comedians -- when I was younger , that seemed very , very difficult .
But today , the web makes any of us , or our actions , copper from a part of our global culture .
Anybody can get famous on the Internet in a <unk> .
Over 48 hours of video on YouTube for a minute .
And , from those , only a small percentage is viral , he gets countless hits and wins cultural momentum .
How does that happen ?
Three things : creators , communities of participation and surprise .
Okay , let 's start .
<unk> <unk> : Oh my God , my God .
Oh my God !
Wow .
<unk> , <unk> !
KA : Last year , <unk> <unk> published this video filmed outside of his house in Yosemite National Park .
In 2010 , it was 23 million times .
This graph shows the views on the top of last summer .
He was not trying to do a viral video .
I just wanted to share a double rainbow .
That 's what you call the Yosemite Mountain <unk> .
He had already published many videos of nature .
This video was published in January .
So what happened here ?
It was Jimmy Kimmel .
Jimmy Kimmel published this tweet that <unk> the video to popularity .
The creators of trends like Jimmy Kimmel at us with new things and interesting things and <unk> them to a wider audience .
Rebecca Black : That 's Friday , Friday . You 've got to start on Friday . You all want me to come on a weekend , the weekend . <unk> , Friday . You start on Friday . KA : You wo n't think that we can have this conversation without talking about this video , I hope .
`` <unk> , '' by Rebecca Black is one of the most popular videos of the year .
They saw about 200 million times this year .
This chart shows the frequency of use .
Like , `` <unk> <unk> , '' this video seemed to come from nowhere .
So what happened this day ?
Well , it was Friday , it 's true .
And if you ask those other peaks , they 're also Friday .
But what happened this day , this particular Friday ?
Well , I took it <unk> and many blogs started writing about it .
Michael J. Nelson , from <unk> Science , was one of the first people in making a joke about video on Twitter .
But the important thing is that one person or a group of <unk> will adopt a view and share it with a broader audience , accelerating the process .
So , this community of people who share this great inner joke then starts to talk about that and doing things .
And now there 's 10,000 <unk> <unk> on YouTube .
In the first seven days , there was a parody for each other days .
Unlike the one-way entertainment of the 20th century , this community participation is our way to be part of the <unk> phenomenon or doing something new with that .
`` <unk> Cat '' is a repetitive animation with a <unk> music .
That 's that , that 's all .
This year you saw about 50 million times .
And if you think that 's weird , you know that there 's a <unk> version of four million times .
So even the cats saw this video .
And there are cats who saw other cats will see the video .
But the important thing here is creativity that woke up between the Internet Internet community .
There was <unk> .
Somebody did an old version .
And then it became international .
Suddenly , a whole <unk> community made this happen to be a dumb joke to something we can all form .
Because today we do n't just enjoy , we entered .
Who could have predicted something like this ?
Who could have predicted `` <unk> rainbow , '' or Rebecca Black or `` Cat Cat '' ?
What could script have been written to be written by this ?
In a world that 's two days of video per minute , just the only one , and unexpected , you can get it in the way that these things have done .
When a friend told me that I had to look at this big video of a guy who 's protest against us in New York City , I 'll admit I was not interested in too much .
Casey <unk> : I got a ticket for the <unk> , but often there are obstacles that prevent you circular properly by <unk> .
KA : Thank you the surprise effect and his humor , Casey <unk> found that five million views and understand their idea .
So this is why this approach is worth that we 're doing in creative form .
And this is all leading us to a big question .
<unk> <unk> : What does this mean ?
<unk> .
KA : What does this mean ?
<unk> , creative communities of participation , totally unexpected , are characteristics of a new kind of media , of a new culture , which we all have access and is the audience that defines popularity .
As I said before , one of the current <unk> of the world , Justin Bieber , began on YouTube .
You do n't ask permission to express your ideas .
Now we 're all a little masters of our pop culture .
These are not the characteristics of old media , they 're just the media of today , but we will define entertainment of the future .
Thank you .
This is not a finished story .
It 's a puzzle that 's still assembling .
Let me tell you about some of the pieces .
Imagine the first piece : a man burning the work of a whole life .
It 's a poet , a playwright , a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique hopes and freedom of his country .
<unk> while the communist entering <unk> , facing the fact that his life had been totally in vain .
Words , for so much time , friends , now they were doing it .
It was quiet in silence .
He died broken by history .
He 's my grandfather .
I never met him .
But our lives are much more than our memories .
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story .
My task was not to let that be in vain , and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to <unk> it , but I 'm going to <unk> it .
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat at dawn <unk> by the sea .
My mother , <unk> , was just 18 years when his father died , and a <unk> marriage and two small girls .
For her , life was destined to one task , the escape from his family and a new life in Australia .
It was inconceivable for her that I could n't do that .
And after a <unk> <unk> that challenges the fiction , the boat slid the sea out of fishing ship .
All adults knew the risks .
The biggest fear was the pirates and the rape and death .
As most of the adults , my mother had a sharp jar .
If we would catch up , first we 'd take my sister and me , and then she and my grandmother .
My first memories are from that boat , the constant rhythm of the engine , the bow diving into each wave , and the vast and vacuum horizon .
I do n't remember pirates who came several times , but they were fooled with the courage of men in our boat , or the engine dying and not being able to tear for six hours .
But I know the lights on the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia , and the young man who collapsed and died , I 'm going to end the journey was too much for him , and the first apple I tried , given by the men in the platform .
No block had the same taste .
After three months in a refugee camp , <unk> in Melbourne .
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three of generations giving way to a new life together .
We set up in <unk> , a suburb of working class whose population is composed of immigrants .
Unlike the middle middle class , whose existence I did n't know , in <unk> , had no sense of the right .
The smells that came from the shops were the rest of the world .
And the <unk> fragments of English were traded among the people who had one thing in common : they were starting again .
My mother worked on farms , then on a car assembly line , working six days , double turn .
Yet , I found time to study English and get an IT degree .
We were poor .
All the dollars were assigned , and it 's established an extra mentoring in English and mathematics , it would n't matter what you should take off , which was usually new clothes ; it was always a second hand .
Two <unk> pairs for school , one to hide the holes in the other .
A school uniform to the ankles , because it had to last six years .
And I had <unk> and <unk> about the <unk> eyes and graffiti : `` Asians , back home . ''
At home , where ?
Something else is <unk> .
I was accumulating determination and a voice saying , `` I 'm going to give you . ''
My mother , my sister and I <unk> in the same bed .
My mother was taxed every night , but we told ourselves about our day and heard the movements of our grandmother at home .
My mother suffered nightmares , all the boat .
And my task was to be awake until their nightmares started to be able to make it .
She opened a computer store , then studied to be <unk> and opened another business .
And women would come with their stories about men who could n't make the transition and angry and <unk> , and boys were trapped between two worlds .
They looked for subsidies and sponsors .
And they created centers .
I lived in parallel worlds .
In one , it was the classic <unk> student , relentless <unk> .
In the other , I was very keen in poor lives , tragically <unk> by violence , drug abuse and isolation .
But many received aid over the years .
And for that work , when I studied my last year of lawyer , I was elected the young Australian boy .
And I was <unk> from a piece of the puzzle to the other , but his edges did n't fit .
As I read anonymous 's anonymous 's anonymously , I was now as well , refugee and social activist , invited to speak in sites that I had never heard of , and in houses whose existence would n't have imagined .
I did n't know the protocols .
I did n't know how to use the covered .
I did n't know how to talk about wine .
I did n't know how to talk about anything .
I wanted to retire to the routines and comfort of life in a suburb called a grandmother , a mother , a mother and two daughters to end the day as they did for nearly 20 years , <unk> on the day of each one and <unk> , the three still in the same bed .
And I told my mom that I could n't do it .
It reminded me that I had now the same age that she had when she got up to the boat .
`` No '' had never been an option .
`` Make it , '' he said , `` Do n't be what you 're not . ''
So I talked to them about juvenile <unk> and education and <unk> them to the marginalized .
And the more frankly he was talking , the more I was to talk about .
I met people from all the roads of life , many of them doing what they loved , living in the border of possible .
And although I finished my bachelor 's , I realized I could n't stay in a career for a lawyer .
There had to be another piece of the puzzle .
And I realized at the same time that it 's okay to be a stranger , a newly arrived in the scene -- and not only that it 's good , but it 's something that is being grateful for , maybe a gift of the ship .
Because being in it can easily mean <unk> the horizons , it can easily mean to accept the assumptions of your province .
I gave enough steps outside my happy place to know that , yeah , that the world breaks , but not the way we fear .
<unk> that they had n't been <unk> were <unk> .
There was an energy there , a relentless optimism , a rare mixture of humility and bravery .
So I followed my intuition .
And I 'd come to a small group of people who say that `` ca n't be done '' was a compelling challenge .
For a year we did n't have a dime .
At the end of every day , he did a giant soup porridge that we all shared .
They were going to <unk> at night .
Most of our ideas were crazy , but some brilliant ones , and we opened up .
I took the decision to move to the U.S .
after a single journey .
My hunch again .
Three months later , I had moved , and the adventure continued .
Before I finish , let me tell you about my grandmother .
She grew up in a time when the <unk> was the social norm and the local <unk> was the person who mattered .
Life had no changed for centuries .
His father died shortly after she was born .
The mother was raised alone .
The 17 became <unk> of a <unk> whose mother beat her .
Without his husband , he had a stranger by <unk> and bringing the cause itself , and much more <unk> when he won .
It ca n't be done as it proved to be wrong .
I was in the shower in the room in Sydney when she died , at 1,000 miles , in Melbourne .
I looked across the shower in the shower and I saw standing on the other side .
I knew I had come to let go .
My mother called minutes .
Days later , we went to a Buddhist temple in <unk> and sat around their casket .
We tell stories , and we made sure we were still with it .
At night , a monk came and told us that I had to close the casket .
My mother asked us to raise his hand .
I asked the monk , `` Why his hand is hot , and the rest of the body so cold ? ''
`` Because you 've taken your hand from the morning , '' he said .
`` They have n't <unk> them . ''
If there 's a nerve in our family , that runs through women .
Since we were and how life formed , we can now see that the men who had come to our lives would have frustrated .
The defeat would have <unk> <unk> .
Now I want to have my own kids , and I wonder about the boat .
Who could want that to want that to do ?
However , I 'm afraid of the privilege of how easy it is .
Can I give you a bow in your life , a fearless one in every wave , the <unk> pace of the engine , the vast horizon that does n't guarantees anything ?
I do n't know .
But if I could give it and see them safe , I would do it .
<unk> <unk> and also the mother 's fourth thing today , in the fourth or fifth row .
My story starts in <unk> about two years ago .
I was in the desert , under the starry sky , with the Sufi Sufi singer .
We were having a conversation of how nothing has changed from the time of ancient Indian epic , `` The Mahabharata '' .
In those days when Indians , we wanted to travel to a car and <unk> the sky .
Now we do it with airplanes .
At that time , when I <unk> , the Great warrior Indian warrior , he had thirst , he pulled a bow and with a <unk> on the ground , he got water .
Now we do the same with <unk> and machines .
The conclusion we pulled out was that the machinery had replaced the magic .
And I 'm very excited about it .
Every time I felt a little bit more about <unk> .
And I 'm going to tell you this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a sunset if I did n't have the camera , if I could n't get my friends out .
It seemed to me that technology had to allow magic , not to kill her .
As a little girl , my grandfather gave me a silver pocket .
And this piece of technological 50 years was for my most magical thing .
It became a golden gate to a world full of images , of pirates and <unk> in my imagination .
I had the feeling that mobile phones , luxury clocks and the cameras prevent them out .
We 're inspired by our inspiration .
So I launched myself , I threw this technological world to see how to use magic , rather than kill her .
I read books since the 16 years .
So when I saw the iPad , I saw a device of storytelling that was able to connect the readers out of the whole world .
You can know how we took the book .
Where we are .
<unk> text with image , animation , sound and touch .
The narrative becomes increasingly <unk> .
But what does that work ?
I 'm about to launch <unk> , an interactive application for iPad .
It says , `` puts your fingers on every light . ''
And so , he says , `` This box belongs to ... I write my name .
And so I go back a character from the book .
At various times , I get a <unk> -- the iPad knows where I live through the GPS -- that comes led to me .
My inner girl gets excited about all these possibilities .
I 've talked a lot about magic .
And I do n't mean magicians and dragons , but to that little bit of childhood magic , to those ideas that are <unk> .
For some reason , fireflies in a jar were always exciting .
So over here , we have to shift the iPad to release fireflies .
And really , they light up your way in what subtraction of the book .
Another idea that I was fascinated with was a little girl in a <unk> galaxy .
So here , every book , and every single world becomes a <unk> that I drag into this magic device , within the device .
And this opens up a map .
In every fantasy book , there 's always been maps , but they 've been static maps .
This is a map that grows , <unk> and guide you over the rest of the book .
In certain points of the book , it also reveals .
Now I 'm going to go in .
Another incredibly important aspect of me is to create Indian content and a contemporary thing .
These are the <unk> .
We 've all heard of the fairies and <unk> , but how many people outside India know their Indian counterparts , the <unk> ?
These poor <unk> have been trapped in the chambers of Indra for millennia , in an old and wet book .
So we 're bringing them back into a contemporary child story .
In a story that deals with today 's environmental crisis .
And , talking about the environmental crisis , one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that kids have been locked up , attached to their PCs , have not come to the outside world .
But now with mobile technology , we can bring our kids into the natural world with their technology .
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go outside , take the camera or iPad , and collect images of different natural objects .
As a child , I had a lot of collections : from sticks , rocks , pebbles and shells .
For some reason children do n't .
So to recover this childhood ritual , you have to go out and , in chapter , you would take a photo to a flower and then <unk> .
In another chapter , you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then tagging .
So it creates a digital array of photos that then you can put on the Web .
A child in London puts a photo of a fox and says , `` Oh , I saw a fox . ''
A child in India says , `` I saw a monkey . ''
And you create this kind of social network around a collection of digital photos that have been taken .
Within the variants of the magic , the Earth and technology are many possibilities .
In the next book , we have an interaction where you come out with the iPad and the video on and through augmented reality , you see a group of cartoons that appear on the inner plants of the house .
At a moment , the screen is full of leaves .
And you have to make the sound of wind and <unk> so you can read the rest of the book .
We 're going to a world in which the forces of nature are <unk> with technology and magic and technology closer to each other .
It 's the power of the sun .
We 're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic , joy and love and love that we sat through with a simple story .
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about why many projects of <unk> fail .
And I think , really , that the most important thing about that is we stop listening to patients .
And one of the things we did at <unk> University was <unk> to a head director .
And not in a very scientific way , she raised a little cup of coffee or you and he asked patients , family and known , what happens ?
`` How can we help you ? ''
And we tend to think , that this is one of the biggest problems that everyone , or maybe not all , but most of the projects of <unk> fail , because we just stopped listening .
This is my Wi-Fi Wi-Fi . It 's very simple .
It 's got a doorknob and off .
Every morning I get on .
And yes , I have a challenge as you can see .
I put the challenge to get to 95 kilograms .
But it 's so simple , that every time I link it , send my data to Google Health .
And my <unk> doctor has access to him as well . So , he can see what my weight problem is , not at the same time that it needs care of <unk> or some urgency of that style , but to see it backwards .
But there 's another thing .
Like some of you know , I have over 4,000 followers on Twitter .
So every morning , I link to my Wi-Fi <unk> and before you go up to my car , people start to talk to me : <unk> , I think you need a light lunch .
That 's the best thing that can happen , because it 's pressure of peer pairs used to help patients , because it could be used for obesity , and also that patients stop smoking .
On the other hand , it can <unk> to move people out of their chairs and together develop some recreational activity to get more control of their health .
From the next week , it 's going to be available .
This little <unk> attached to an iPhone or another device .
And people will be able to go , from their homes , take their blood pressure , go to their doctor , and share it with others , for example , for 100 dollars .
This is the point where patients assume a position , they come back to control and ship captains , but it can also help us health care because of the challenges that we face , as the firing of the <unk> care costs , the <unk> of demand and other issues .
<unk> techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients on the team .
And they can do it with techniques like these , but also through crowdsourcing .
And one of the things we did would like to share it with you with a video .
We all have shipping checks in cars .
Maybe we even have them in our cell phones .
We know perfectly where ATM machines are .
Also , where they 're all <unk> .
And of course , we can find chains of fast food chains .
But where is the closest <unk> to help this patient ?
We asked , but nobody knew .
Nobody knew where to get the <unk> saves lives right now .
So what we did was make crowdsourcing in the Netherlands .
We created a website , and we ask the public that : If you see a <unk> , please <unk> , where , and when it 's open , because sometimes they open up at any time for office and other are closed .
And over 10,000 <unk> were already introduced in the Netherlands .
The next step was to look for the app for that .
And we made an application for the iPad .
We created an application for <unk> , augmented reality , to find these <unk> .
And every time you 're in the city of <unk> and somebody collapses , they can use your iPhone , and the next few weeks use their cell phone from Microsoft to find the closest <unk> , which can save lives .
And from today , I 'd like to present this one , not just as <unk> <unk> , which is the name of the product , but also as <unk> .
And we would give them globally .
We 're dealing with all the colleagues in the world , in other universities , to help us find , work and act as a center for the crowdsourcing process around the world .
Every time you 're on vacation and somebody collapses , it can be a relative or somebody in front of you , you can find it .
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us convey these <unk> .
You could be <unk> services , or telephone people , for example , to see if the <unk> that 's still shown is still in place .
Please help us in this and not just improve health , but take control of it .
Thank you very much .
I 'm here to share onscreen photography .
Or is it <unk> ?
Because of course , it 's photographs that can not take with your cameras .
My interest in photography woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years .
I mixed with my earlier passion for the drawing , but it was a little bit different because by using the camera , the process was in planning .
And when you take a photograph with a camera , the process ends up when the <unk> presses .
For me , photography had more to do with being in the right place , at the right time .
It seemed to me that anybody could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , a process that would start by pressing the <unk> .
<unk> like this : a construction on a very <unk> road .
But it has an unexpected twist .
And despite that , it keeps a level of realism .
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful , but with the common goal of keeping the level of realism .
And when I say realism , I mean <unk> .
Because , of course , it 's not something I can tell you , but I always want it to seem to be captured in some way as a photograph .
So let 's think that you have to think about a moment to discover the trick .
It has more to do with capturing an idea that with capturing a moment .
But what is the trick that makes them look real ?
Are the details , or the colors ?
Do you take light ?
What does illusion create ?
Sometimes the illusion is .
But at the end , it 's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive it in a two-dimensional surface .
It 's actually not about whether it 's realistic , but what we think is realistic .
So I think the basics are very simple .
I see it as a puzzle of the reality that we took different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality .
I 'll show you a simple example .
Here we have three perfectly devastating objects imaginable , something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world .
But combined in a way , you can create something that still looks like three-dimensional , as if it existed .
But at the same time , we know it does n't exist .
So , you know the brain , because the brain does n't accept the fact that it really does n't make sense .
And I see the same process by combining photographs .
It really does to combine different realities .
And the things that make a picture looks as a realist , I think they are those in which we do n't even think about , the things that surround us in our everyday lives .
But when we combine photographs , it 's very important to consider it , because otherwise something will be wrong .
So I 'd like to say there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results .
As you can see , these images are not very special .
But combined , they can create something like this .
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective .
Second , the photos are combined to have the same kind of light .
And these two images do with these requirements , they were taken to the same height and with the same kind of light .
The third point is to make impossible to distinguish the beginning and the end of different images with a perfect union .
It has to be impossible to see where the image is made .
This is another example .
You might think that this is the image of a landscape and the bottom is filtered .
But this image is completely composed of photographs of different places .
In the staff , I think it 's easier to create a place to find a place to find it , because you do n't need to put the ideas on your head .
But it requires a lot of planning .
And as I thought of this idea in the winter , I knew I had a number of months to go back , to find the different locations for the puzzle pieces .
For example , the fish was captured on a fishing trip .
The shores are from a different location .
The <unk> part was captured in a stone pump .
And yes , I even made the house at the top of the top of the island to look more Swedish .
So to get a realistic outcome , I think we need planning .
You always start with a sketch , an idea .
Then you have to combine the different photographs .
And here every piece is very well meant .
If you do a good job by taking the photos the outcome , it can be very beautiful and very realistic .
All the tools are there , and the only limit is our imagination .
Thank you .
I 'm going to start showing one slide on technology , very boring .
Please , if you can put it into it .
It 's a diagram that I took from a folder .
I 'm not interested to show you the details , but the general aspect .
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of the <unk> microprocessors versus the power of the local area networks .
What 's interesting about this is that this is , like a lot of other people we tend to see , is a kind of straight line on a logarithmic scale .
In other words , every step here represents an order of magnitude on scale .
I 'm going to talk technology with <unk> curves .
Here 's something strange .
And that 's what I 'm going to talk about .
Please turn the lights up .
It takes more intensity because they write about paper .
Why do technology plot <unk> <unk> ?
The answer is that if I draw them on a normal curve where , let 's say , these are the years , or some unit of time , and this would be any measure of the technology that I want to chart , the diagram would look something ridiculous .
It would be something like that .
It does n't say much .
But if a plot , for example , some other technology , like transportation , on a <unk> curve , would be very dumb , we would see a straight line .
But if something like this , it gives a qualitative change .
If the technology of transportation would be as fast as microprocessors , tomorrow we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds .
But it 's not moving at that pace .
There is unprecedented in the history of technological development of growth that every few years advance of magnitude .
The question I want to make is -- looking at these exponential curves , we see that you 're not going to forever forever .
It 's not possible to hold this change as fast as it goes .
It 's one of two things .
Or it 's going to become a typical curve , I know like this until something completely different , or maybe I will do something like that .
That 's all that can happen .
I 'm optimistic , so I think maybe something like this .
So we 're now going to be in the middle of a transition .
This line is in a transition from what used to be the world , to a new way .
So what I 'm trying to ask about , and wonder , is , what 's that new way to adopt the world ?
Why new state is going to go ?
The transition seems very , very confused if we are embedded in it .
I remember the future happened in the year 2000 , and people used to talk about what would happen in the year 2000 .
This is a conference where people talk about the future and see that the future is still the year 2000 .
That 's all we see .
In other words , the future has shrunk , year after year , throughout my life .
But I think it 's because we feel that something is happening .
We can feel it a transformation . We can feel it .
And we know it does n't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because everything is so different that extrapolate what we 're doing today makes any sense .
So I want to talk to you about how it might be , how could that transition that we experience .
But to do that , I 'll have to talk a little bit about things that do n't have much to do with technology and computing .
Because I think the only way to understand it is to take away and look at things in the long run .
The scale of time I 'd like to do that is the time of life on Earth .
I think this image makes sense if we look at each billion years .
So , you go back about a half billion years when the Earth was a big sterile rock with lots of chemicals that would spread around them .
If we look at the way that those chemicals were organized , we give ourselves an idea of how things happened .
And I think there 's theories to begin to understand the origin with RNA , and I 'm going to tell you a simple version of this , and that is , at that time , it had floating some droplets of oil with all kinds of oil prescriptions inside it .
Some of those blobs of oil held a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials from the outside of the outside , and so the drops grew up .
And they started to split .
In a sense , those were the most primitive cell forms -- these droplets of oil .
But those drops were n't alive , in the current sense , because each one of them contained a random recipe of chemicals .
And every time you have an unequal distribution of chemicals that held .
So every droplet was a little bit different .
In fact , the drops that somehow became better at the time to bring the chemicals around ; they grew more , <unk> more chemicals and split more .
Mostly lived , they were most represented .
It was a form of life , chemistry , very simple , but things get interesting when these drops , they learned the trick of abstraction .
Somehow we do n't understand very well , they learned to store information .
They learned to keep information , which was the recipe for the cell , in a special chemical called DNA .
In other words , I 'm going to run into this meaningless evolution , a writing system that allowed them to record what they were to replicate .
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to be stable , ever since evolved a half million years ago .
Our recipe , our genes , have exactly the same code , that same writing system .
In fact , every living being expressed with exactly the same set of letters and same code .
And one of the things I did for fun -- we can now write things with this code .
So here I have 100 <unk> of white powder that I try to hide people 's security people .
But it contains -- I took this code -- code has the ordinary letters that we usually use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this piece of DNA , and I 'll sell it 10 to 22 times .
So if somebody wants 100 million copies of my personal card , I have a lot of them all over here -- in fact , for every person in the world , and it 's here .
If it was a <unk> , he would have put it in a virus and have spread through the room .
What was the next step ?
Writing DNA was an interesting step .
This made these cells happier , another billion years .
But then another big step happened in which things got very different , and it was that these cells started exchanging and communicating information to form as a cell system .
I do n't know if you know , but bacteria can exchange DNA .
So , for example , it evolved antibiotic resistance .
Some bacteria found a way to avoid penicillin and <unk> them to create their little DNA with other bacteria , and now there 's a lot of resistant to penicillin because the bacteria communicate .
This communication gave place to become communities that were going to be in a way that they were put together , and a synergy of synergy .
So they live or failed together , so if a community was very successful , all of the individuals in that community were getting more and they were <unk> by evolution .
And the tipping point happened when these communities were so close to that , in fact , they came together and they decided to write all the recipe for the community together in a chain of DNA .
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years .
And at that stage , we have multicellular communities , communities of many different types of cells working together as one organism .
In fact , we are a multi-cellular community .
We have a lot of cells that do n't act alone .
The skin cell does n't work without the heart , or the muscles , or the brain , and so on .
So , these communities evolved and become more interesting levels than the cell phone , something we call an organism .
The next level happened within these communities .
These are <unk> information .
And to build very special structures that were n't doing more than processing information in community .
These are neural structures .
So neurons are the appliances that process the information that those different cellular communities built .
In fact , they began to specialize within the community being responsible for record , understanding and transmit information .
Those were brains and nervous system of those communities .
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage .
Because at that time as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism , and not the period of evolutionary time .
So an organism could , for example , learn not to eat some fruit because he knew bad and got sick the last time that ate it .
That could happen during the life of an organism , because they had built these information processing structures that we would have learned for evolution for hundreds of thousands of years by death of individuals who ate that fruit .
So the fact that the nervous system would build those structures of information accelerated greatly .
Because evolution could now happen confined to an individual .
It could happen in the time necessary to learn .
But then , of course , individuals discovered the communication trick .
So , for example , the most refined version we know is human language .
If we think about it , it 's an incredible invention .
I have a very complicated idea , a vague idea , in your head .
I 'm here sitting emitting some <unk> and hopefully building a similar , vague , confused idea , in your head that holds some analogy to mine .
But we take something very complicated , we made it sound , in sound sequences , and we produce something very complicated in another brain .
That allows us to start working as an organism .
In fact , as humanity , we 've begun to perform abstractions .
We now go through periods similar to the multicellular organisms ; we abstract our <unk> methods , presentation and processing processing .
For example , the invention of language was a little step in that direction .
The telephone , computing , the video tape , the CD-ROM , and so on . They are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information .
And that brings us into something much larger , faster , and able to evolve more than we did before .
Now evolution can happen in microseconds .
You saw the evolutionary <unk> of <unk> that produced some evolution with the <unk> program , in front of our eyes .
And we 've now accelerated the time scales again .
The first stages of history that I told you took a billion years each .
The next stages , the nervous system , took a few hundred million years .
The next one , the language and so on , took less than a million years .
And the next one , like electronics , seems to take only a few decades .
The process goes back to feeds , I guess <unk> is the right word to name something that is accelerating its own pace of change .
The more it changes , the faster it does .
And I think that 's what we see in this explosion of the curve .
We see the process feeds back .
But I make life designing computers , and I know that the mechanisms that work for design would n't be possible without the recent computer advances .
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible to design it in a conventional way .
I do n't know that every transistor in that connections machine .
There are billions .
Instead , with the designers of <unk> <unk> , we think of a level of abstraction , we put it in the machine and the machine that 's doing something that has no longer , it gets much further and faster than ever before .
In fact , sometimes using methods that we do n't even understand right .
Very interesting method , which I 've been using lately is evolution itself .
We put it inside the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of microseconds .
And for example , in the most extreme cases , we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions .
We say , `` Please computer , can you run a hundred million sequences of random instructions ?
Could you run these sequences of random instructions , to run all those programs , and take those of the things that are more likely to get into what we want to do ? ''
In other words , I define what I want .
Let 's say I want to tidy up , to put a simple example .
So we found the programs that are closer to tidying up .
Of course , it 's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions , <unk> numbers , so none of them did .
But one , thankfully , could put two numbers on the right order .
And I said , `` computer , could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that best did the task ?
They 're going to get them to the rest of them .
And now I 'm going to tell you the best that the numbers better .
And let 's go back to <unk> a process of analogous to sex . ''
Let 's take two programs , which <unk> children , which <unk> <unk> , and that kids will take the properties of both programs .
So we get a new generation of programs that were made out of the combinations of programs that had a little more successful .
And we say , `` Please , repeat the process . ''
<unk> again .
We 'd run some mutations .
And it 's trying to go back and try and get another generation to another .
Well , every generation takes a few milliseconds .
So I can make the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or , in complicated cases , in a few hours .
At the end , we end up with programs that are absolutely perfect .
In fact , they 're much more efficient than I could have written by hand .
If I look at those programs I ca n't tell you how they work .
I 've tried to analyze it to see how they work .
These are dark programs , strangers .
But they do it .
In fact , I know , I have the safety that they get the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that did it .
In fact , their lives depended on it .
Once I was going to go in a 747 with enraged , and you get a card and says , `` Look at this .
It says , `` Next airplane has hundreds of thousands of <unk> working together to offer a safe flight . ' Do n't you feel quiet ? ''
We know that the engineering processes do n't work very well when they get complicated .
So we started to depend on computers to make good design processes .
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than the normal engineer .
However , we do n't understand all the choices there .
In that sense , it goes in front of us .
Now we use those programs to make much faster computers , and so we can run these programs much more quickly .
That is , it feeds back .
It 's getting faster and faster and so I think it looks so confused .
Because all these technologies are fed .
We 're taking off .
And we are at an analog moment to the single-celled organisms when they went through multicellular .
We are amoebas and we ca n't understand what the hell we are creating .
We 're at the tipping point .
But I think something comes behind us .
I think it would be very arrogant from our part to think that we are the end product of evolution .
And I think we 're all part of the creation of whatever comes out .
But now it comes to lunch now , and I think stop here before I get bored .
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that must change .
And I think this starts with a doctor , and that 's me .
And I 've tried enough time to allow me to give up part of my fake prestige on that .
Before I treat my talk , let 's talk a little baseball .
Why not ?
We 're close to the end , the World Series .
We love baseball , right ?
baseball is full of surprising statistics .
There are hundreds of statistics .
It 's going to go out `` <unk> rules '' -- talk about the statistics and use them to form a big baseball team .
I 'm going to focus on one of them , and I hope many of you know it .
It 's called the average <unk> .
And we talked about 300 , from a <unk> that <unk> 300 .
That means that <unk> bat , three of 10 times .
That means throwing the ball into the game without getting caught up , and anybody who tried to throw it out to the first base , it does n't get to time , and the second base will be saved .
Three of you .
You know how do you call a <unk> of 300 on the Great Turk ?
Well , really good , maybe the team of stars .
You know how do you call a baseball <unk> baseball ?
By the way , that 's somebody who 's 10 taps , he gets four .
<unk> -- like legendary Ted Williams , the last player at the Major League League player of <unk> in running over 400 strokes in a regular season .
Now I 'm doing this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable , or maybe less uncomfortable , after what I 'm going to tell you today .
Suppose you have appendicitis , and they are derivatives of a surgeon who has also a record of 400 into <unk> .
That does n't work , right ?
Now suppose that they live in a place away and a loved one has two clogged coronary arteries and his family doctor 's drifting out to a cardiologist whose record is 200 .
But you know something ?
She 's actually improving this year .
And his hits have been <unk> .
This is not working .
But I 'll ask you .
What do you believe that you should be the average of a heart of a heart surgeon or prosthetic , from a nurse or a <unk> ?
1,000 , very well .
And the truth of the matter is that no one in medicine knows the hits of a good surgeon , a doctor or medical care .
What we do , however , is sending them to the world , including me , with the mandate of being perfect .
That never , ever made a mistake and try to figure out how to do it well .
That was the take-home message when I was in medical school .
I was a <unk> obsessional student .
Once , a fellow in high school , he said that Brian Sachs studied to a blood test .
Maybe .
<unk> in my little <unk> , in the nurses of the General Hospital in Toronto , not far from here .
And I learned all of the memory .
From my kind of anatomy , I memorized the origin and muscle work , the branching of every artery that comes out of the <unk> , the frequent differential diagnosis and the usual thing .
And I even knew the differential diagnosis about how to classify the <unk> <unk> .
And as much as we get more and more knowledge .
And I was really fine ; I graduated with honor .
And <unk> from the school of medicine with the impression that if you were all , then it would know everything , or as possible , close to all , because I 'm going to get rid of the mistakes .
And it worked for a while , until I met the lady <unk> .
I was a resident at a university hospital here in Toronto , when they brought the lady to the emergency service , where I worked .
At that point I was assigned to the cardiology service .
And when I applied the emergency room to go to a cardiologist .
And to report the chief of residents .
When I saw the lady <unk> , I was very excited .
I heard a <unk> sound .
And when the <unk> , I heard a <unk> sound on both sides , which gave me a congestive heart failure .
In these conditions , the heart stops working , and instead of pump blood forward , blood goes to the lungs , and that 's why there 's no difficulty breathing .
And it was n't hard to diagnose .
I did , and I started working on the treatment that I would give .
I gave aspirin and medication to alleviate pressure on his heart .
I gave him <unk> , water pills , so that I could eliminate liquid .
And in an hour or two , she began to feel better .
And I felt very well .
And that was when I made the first mistake , he sent her home .
Actually , I made two mistakes .
He sent her home without talking with the chief of residents .
I did n't get up on the phone , and I did n't do what I should have done , which I was calling my boss and he had him to see him .
And if my boss would have seen it , I would have been able to give fun information .
Maybe I did it for a good reason .
Maybe I did n't want to be a resident who was constant attention .
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and capable of taking responsibility , which could take care of my patients without even contact my boss .
The second mistake I made was worse .
By send her home , he was not paying attention to a voice on my inside that I was saying , `` Goldman , it 's not a good idea . Do n't do it . ''
In fact , I was so insecure that until I asked the nurse who was taking care of the nurse <unk> , `` Do you think it 's okay if you go to your house ? ''
And the nurse thought , and then he said , `` Yes , I think I 'm fine . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday .
So it was that he signed up high , and the ambulance , along with the ambulance , took her home .
And I went back to the hospital hall .
The rest of that day , that afternoon , I had a bad career in the stomach .
But I kept on my job .
At the end of the day , I packed to leave the hospital and walked into the parking lot where my car was going to go home . At that time , I did something I do n't normally do .
It went through the emergency service of the way home .
And there 's another nurse , not that I was taking care of the lady at <unk> before , but another one . He said three words , those three words that most emergency doctors fear .
Other specialists who fear it too , but there 's a <unk> in <unk> , and that is that we see patients ' patients .
The three words are : Is you remember you ?
`` Did it remember the patient who sent home ? ''
And I asked the other nurse with all <unk> .
`` Well , she went back , '' with the same tone of voice .
She was fine .
But I went back and on the edge of death .
After an hour of having come to his house , after I gave her high , he suffered a collapse and his family called 911 ; the ambulance brought it to emergency emergency pressure with 50 inches of <unk> , which means a severe shock .
I was barely breathing and blue .
The emergency staff leave all of their resources .
They gave me medication to raise blood pressure .
They put a ventilator .
I was shocked and <unk> to the spinal cord .
He had a mixture of feelings , because after the <unk> was in intensive care therapy and waiting for all of the hope that he would recover .
And in the two or three days , it was never <unk> .
He had an irreversible brain damage .
The family came together .
And in eight or nine days , it 's going to get into what was happening .
And the ninth day , they let me go . The lady <unk> , wife , mother and grandmother .
They say they never forget the names of those who die .
That was my first experience .
The next few weeks , I was fascinated by it , and I experienced the very first shame that exists in our medical culture , and I felt only , isolated , without feeling that healthy shame because you ca n't hold them with your colleagues .
You make peace and never make that mistake .
It 's that shame that gives a teaching .
The unhealthy shame that I 'm talking about is that makes us feel very bad inside .
It 's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong , but we 're bad .
And that felt .
And it was n't my boss ; he was <unk> .
I talked to the family , and I 'm sure I 'll get things to you , and I made sure that I did n't get away .
And I kept asking those questions .
Why did n't my boss ask my boss ? Why sent her home ?
And in my worst times , why made I made a mistake that silly ?
Why did I choose medicine ?
Gradually , that feeling was <unk> .
And I started to feel better .
And in a cloudy day , the sky opened , and finally the sun came out , and I wondered if I would feel better time .
And I made a deal with myself in which if we were to deal with the efforts to be perfect to do n't make more mistakes , I would be running those voices .
And so it was .
I went back to work .
But it came back .
Two years later , I was an assistant at the emergency department at a community hospital north of Toronto , and I got to a <unk> man with a pain .
I was very busy .
And he pointed out here .
I looked at her throat , I was a little bit .
I sent him penicillin and sent it to his house .
But while he ran the door , he kept pointing out his throat .
Two days later , when I came to make my return guard , my boss asked to talk to me as well as I was .
And gave the three words : Does you remember ?
Remember the patient who saw for pain in the throat ?
He went back and did n't have a <unk> <unk> .
It had a potentially deadly condition called <unk> .
You can look for Google . It 's an infection , not your throat , but it 's the top airline , and it can cause the closing of those pathways .
He , fortunately , did n't die .
He was told by <unk> antibiotics and recovered to the few days .
And I went through the same period of shame and <unk> , then I was born and went back to work , until it happened again and again and again .
Two times in the same turn of emergency turn , not sensors .
And it 's a big effort , especially working in a hospital , because they attend to 14 patients at the same time .
But in both cases , I did n't go home and I do n't think it 's been a carelessness .
One of them thought that I had a kidney calculation .
Order , an X-ray X-ray , but it turned out normal . A colleague who was checking a certain sensitivity in the bottom right quadrant and called the surgeon .
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea .
He gave him liquid <unk> and asked my colleague that <unk> him .
I went through it , and when you see some sensitivity in the bottom right quadrant , I call the surgeon .
Both were operated and they recovered .
But every single case , I <unk> myself .
But I 'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise , and as many colleagues say , it 's a mess .
The most significant ones have been over the last five years .
Only , embarrassed and not support .
And here 's the problem : If I ca n't tell myself and talk about my mistakes , if I ca n't find the voice to tell me what really happens , how can I share this with my colleagues ?
How do I show you this to make the same mistakes ?
If I could go back to a place like this , I would have no idea what you think about me .
When was the last time you heard someone talking about failure , after failure , after failure ?
Of course , in a party you 'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors , but you wo n't hear somebody talking about their own mistakes .
And if I knew and my colleagues also , that a <unk> in my hospital would get the wrong leg , believe me would have difficulty looking at the eyes .
This is the system we have .
The total denial of mistakes .
It 's the system that there are two positions : those who make mistakes and those who do n't ; those who ca n't sleep and the ones that do have a lot of outcomes and those who have great results .
And it 's almost like a ideological reaction , as antibodies start to attack that person .
We have the idea that if you do n't , if you go out of medicine to the people that make mistakes , we will become a safe system .
But that brings two problems .
In 20 years of diffusion and medical journalism , I 've done a personal medical review and medical errors to learn as possible , from the first article I wrote for the Toronto , `` White <unk> , '' to my program , `` White <unk> , Art . ''
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous .
We worked in a system where mistakes are happening every day , where one of the 10 medications drugs in the hospital are wrong , or <unk> is not right . In a system where the hospital-acquired infections are increasingly , and more numerous , causing chaos and death .
In this country , 24,000 Canadian medical errors are killed by medical medical mistakes .
The U.S. Medicine Institute established 100,000 .
In both cases , it 's about <unk> <unk> , because we 're not <unk> the problem as we should .
And so there are things .
A hospitable system where knowledge is divided every two or three years , and we do n't get rid of it .
<unk> sleep deprivation .
And we ca n't get rid of it .
We have cognitive biases that allow us to make a perfect history of a patient with chest pain .
Now , let 's take the same patient with a chest pain , and it comes for <unk> eyes and with breath to alcohol , and all of a sudden , my story was <unk> of contempt .
It 's not the same story .
I 'm not a robot ; I do n't do things always .
And my patients are not cars . They did n't solve their symptoms forever .
For all of this , mistakes are inevitable .
So if we take the system as we were taught , and we eliminate all the prone to mistake , well , no one .
And that people do n't want to talk about their most serious cases ?
In my program , `` <unk> white , black art , '' it 's already a custom saying , `` This is my worst mistake to the head of heart surgery : `` This is my worst mistake to the head of heart surgery , '' blah blah blah blah blah blah -- `` What are your mistakes ? '' And then we 'll get the microphone to them .
And their students <unk> , <unk> , go down your head and get spit and start telling their stories .
They want to tell their stories , they want to share them .
You could say , `` Look , they do n't make the same mistake . ''
They need a context where we can do it .
They need a medical culture .
And it starts with a doctor every time .
Now , Professor redefining is human , you know human , they accept it , and they do n't get a chance to learn from what 's happened to teach others .
Share their experiences with them .
It 's support for those who talk about their mistakes .
Points out the mistakes of other people do n't want to get them , but a loving way and support for all of them will be benefit .
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that humans run the system , and when this happens , they make mistakes every time .
My name is Brian Sachs .
I 'm a trained doctor .
I 'm a human , make mistakes .
And I 'm sorry , but I 'm going to try to learn something that can transmit to others .
I do n't know what you think about me , but I can live with that .
And let me conclude with three personal words : I remember it .
Do you know how many decisions we did ?
Do you know how much we choose in a week ?
I recently made a survey to more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that he says to choose an average American is about 70 to a day .
It 's not a lot of research on a week to a group of corporate presidents .
The researchers recorded the different tasks set out by these executives , and the time we think about making decisions related to those tasks .
They found that , on average , <unk> <unk> jobs a week .
Naturally , every work included lots of <unk> .
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less .
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time .
Now think of your choices .
Do you know how many they belong to nine minutes , and how many of an hour ?
How do they test those decisions ?
I want to talk today about one of the biggest issues of today : choice to the overload of options .
I want to talk about the problem and about possible solutions .
And as I talk about this , I 'm going to ask you a few questions , and I need to know your answers .
When I ask a question , as I 'm blind , just raise your hand if you want to burn calories .
Otherwise , when you ask a question , if your answer is positive please take a bite .
And now my first question of the day : Are you ready to hear about the problem of the options overload ?
Thank you .
Being a graduate student at Stanford University , I 'd come up with this very , very high supermarket supermarket , at least in that time was very sophisticated .
It was called <unk> 's .
It was almost like going to an amusement park .
There were like 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar , over 500 different types of fruits and vegetables and about 25 of bottled water , and this was when we took water on the faucet .
I loved going to that store , but at one occasion , I asked myself , why never buy anything ?
This is the olive oil shelf .
They had over 75 classes , including those who were in a sealed box that came from millennials .
I once decided to visit the manager , and I asked him , `` Is this strategy of offering all these options ? ''
He pointed out to me the <unk> buses that came every day , usually with their cameras .
We decided to do a little experiment with <unk> .
hallway .
They had <unk> different classes .
He would take a <unk> , just to the entrance to the store .
We put it out of six flavors , or <unk> flavors , and we looked at two things : First , what case people were willing to stop testing the jelly ?
More people stopped when there were 24 ; 60 percent , that when I had only six , 40 percent .
We also looked at what was more likely to buy a jelly jar .
Here we find the opposite effect .
When they stopped when there were 24 , only three percent came to buy jelly .
When there was six , we saw that 30 percent bought jelly .
If we do the calculations , the people had six times more likely to buy jellyfish if they found six , that if they were .
Well , let 's decide that we do n't buy jellyfish , you probably want it to find ourselves , but it 's less good to conserve the <unk> , but it turns out that the problem of the overload of options affects us in momentous decisions .
We decided not to decide , even though we do n't .
Now the theme of the day : saving financial savings .
I 'm going to describe to you a study that I did with <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> and Wei <unk> , where we 're looking at savings decisions for about a million Americans , from about 650 plans of this country .
We were interested to see if the number of money offers available in retirement plans for retirement plans , the 401 program , <unk> people to save for the future .
And we found that I really had a correlation .
We had plans that went from two , to 59 choices .
We found that the bigger the number of funds had less participation .
So if we look at the extremes , we see that in the plans that offer two funds , the rate of participation was about 70 percent or more , not as high as I would .
And in the plans that offer about 60 funds , the rate of the participation rate declined by 60 .
It turns out that even if you decide to participate , when there are more choices , even in that case , there are negative consequences .
So , for those who decided to participate , the greater the number of choices , the more people are going to be willing to avoid the actions or investment funds .
As soon as there would be more choices , they were more willing to invest in market financial accounts .
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we were trying to optimize the well-being financial well-being .
In the previous decade , we 've seen three main negative consequences by providing more and more possibilities .
You know , the most likely thing to do is that the decision is , even though this is against self-interest .
It 's more likely to make the worst decisions and finance and health .
They 're more likely to pick up some less satisfying things , even though objectively objectively they 're objectively left .
The main reason is that we enjoy looking at that gigantic variety of <unk> , mustard , vinegar and jelly , but we 're not able to do the calculations to compare , contrast and choose from that stunning show .
I want to show you four simple techniques that we 've tried , in one way or another , in different research , so that they can test in their business .
The first one is , <unk> .
You 've heard it before , but it 's never been more true than today , that less than it is .
People are always upset when I say , `` <unk> . ''
They care about losing space in the <unk> .
But actually , what we 're looking at more and more is that if you choose to cut , get rid of some strange choices , there will be an increase in sales , we 'll get the costs , there will be a better experience in choice .
When she went from 26 different types of Head & Gamble <unk> to 15 , you saw a 10 percent increase in sales .
When the Golden Golden Telescope , I eliminated the products for food , that less they sell , they 've increased 87 percent , for two causes : bigger sales and lower costs .
You know , the supermarkets , they have 45,000 products .
In a Walmart store , it 's about 100,000 products .
But the smallest store in the world today is <unk> and provides only 1,400 products ; a kind of tomato sauce in can .
In the world of financial savings , I think one of the best examples that have come out of how to manage the best choices is David <unk> , the Harvard program .
Every Harvard employees are just <unk> to a insurance fund .
For those of you who want to choose , they offer them 20 dollars , not 300 or more .
You know often people say , `` I do n't know how to cut .
They 're all important choices . ''
The first thing I do is ask the employees , `` Tell me the differences there are among those choices .
And if your employees ca n't tell the difference , you ca n't do their clients . ''
This afternoon , before I started this session , I was talking to Gary .
He told me that I would be willing to offer people in this audience on a vacation with all paid up to the most beautiful road in the world .
Here , a description .
I want you to read it .
I 'm going to leave a few seconds to read and then I want you to give you a round of applause if you 're ready to take the offer of Gary .
( Audience claps ) Okay . Anybody who 's ready to accept the offer .
Are n't you ?
Well , I 'm going to show you something else .
You knew that there was a trick .
Who 's ready for that journey ?
I think I actually got to hear more hands .
All right .
Actually , you had more information on the first round , which in the second one , but I can tell you that they thought the second time was more real .
Because the images were making it more real .
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of the options ' choices , which is <unk> .
For people to understand the differences between choices , they have to understand the consequences of each choice , and that the consequences have to feel very differently , very concrete .
Why reason do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average when they use debit cards or credit , which when you use cash ?
Because it does n't look real money .
It turns out that it looked more real , it can be a very positive tool for people to save more .
We did a study with <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> , particularly <unk> staff that worked in <unk> , these people were in a meeting where they were being brought to a 401 plan .
In that meeting , we 're saving exactly how they used , we made a small addition .
What we added to was that we would appeal to the staff that would think about the positive things that they 're going to do in their lives if they were saving more money .
With this <unk> , there was an increase in 20 percent affiliations and an increase in how much they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put on their savings accounts , four percent .
The third technique is <unk> .
We can handle more categories than choices .
For example , this is a study that we made in a magazine aisle .
We saw that in supermarkets , <unk> 's over the northeast row , the exhibition of magazines can contain from 331 different types to <unk> .
But , you know ?
Because classification tells me how to tell the difference .
These are two exhibitions of jewelry .
One is called `` <unk> '' and the other , `` <unk> . ''
If you think the one on the left is <unk> and the one on the right is <unk> , you 'll keep it .
( Audience claps ) Well , there are some .
If you think the one on the left is <unk> and the one on the right is <unk> , you 'll keep it .
Well , something else .
It turns out it 's right .
The one on the left is <unk> and on the right is <unk> . But you know something ?
This rating scheme is totally useless .
<unk> must indicate something that you choose , not which defines them .
You 're often seeing this problem with these huge fundraising lists .
I was supposedly supposed to be reporting ?
My fourth category : <unk> complexity .
It turns out that we can handle much more information than we think about , if we just simplify it a little bit .
We have to increase complexity gradually .
I 'm going to show you an example of what I mean .
Let 's see a complicated decision ; you buy a car .
This is a German manufacturer of cars that allows us completely completely .
You 've got to make 60 decisions , to build your car .
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that they offer each .
<unk> , the outer color of the car . I have 56 possibilities .
Motor , box of changes , four choices .
What I 'm going to do is to vary the order of decisions .
So half of the clients are going to go from many choices , 56 colors , a few , four boxes .
The other half of the clients are going to go from little choices , four boxes , to 56 colors , lots of choices .
And what am I going to look ?
How much you are .
If you 're going to <unk> the default button in every decision , it indicates that they 're overwhelmed , or it 's : we 're losing them .
We found that the ones that go from many options , put the button by default over and over again , and another .
We lose them .
If you go from a few choices to many , they continue there .
The same information , the same number of choices .
The only thing I did was disrupt the order that the information is presented .
If we start with how easy , you learn to choose .
Although you pick the whole box of change , I do n't say anything about the preferences of inner decoration , in all of all ways it makes us choose .
We 're excited about a product that we 're building that we are now getting more engaged with the process .
I 'll sum up .
I 've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the options ' choices : <unk> , eliminate strange alternatives -- <unk> , making it real , we can drive more categories with less choices ; we 're able to deal with complexity .
All these techniques that I have introduced them were designed to help handle alternatives , or better , for you to use them in their issues , or for people who serve .
It 's that I think the key to getting the best of a choice is to be careful when you choose .
And the more careful we are in our choices better we can practice the art of choice .
Thank you very much .
In the 1980s , in communist Germany , communist , if you had a typewriter , I had to <unk> the government .
You had to register a <unk> text .
And so the government could actually track the origin of the texts .
If they were writing with the wrong message , they could track the footprint to the origin of the idea .
In the West , we did n't think that somebody could do this , so much that it will make freedom of expression .
We would never do that in our countries .
But today , in 2011 , if you buy a laser color printer from any big manufacturer , and it prints a page , that page will end up having some of these yellow , yellow dots on every page that you 're following a pattern that makes you one and your printer itself .
That 's happening today .
And nobody seems to have a lot about this .
This is an example of the ways that our governments are using technology against us , citizens .
And it 's one of the three major causes of problems in the network .
If we look at what happens in the world online , we can bring the attacks on their bombers .
There are three main groups .
There are the cybercriminals .
like Mr. Dimitry <unk> from Kiev 's city , in Ukraine .
<unk> cell cybercriminals is very easy to understand .
These guys make money .
They use the cyberattacks to earn a lot of money , huge amounts .
There are actually many cases from millionaires online , billionaires , which are getting money with their attacks .
This is Vladimir <unk> , <unk> , Estonia .
This is Alfred Gonzalez .
This is Stephen Watt .
This is <unk> <unk> .
These are Matthew Anderson , and it 's <unk> <unk> and so on and so on .
These guys do their fortunes online , but they do it by illegal media through banking trojans to steal money from our bills when we buy online , or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy into an infected computer .
The U.S. secret service is two months ago , froze the Swiss account of this guy , Sam Jain , and this account had <unk> millions of dollars when it was frozen .
Mr. Jain jeans is free ; you know his stop .
And I say today is more likely than any of us are a victim of an cybercriminal than a real crime .
And it 's very obvious that this is going to go wrong .
In the future , most crimes are going online .
The second group of preschool in importance that we see today is not driven by money .
There 's another thing that moves it , they motivate them the protests , they motivate them opinions , they motivate them to laughter .
<unk> as Anonymous have been <unk> over the last 12 months occupying a major role in online attacks .
Those are the three main bombers : criminals who do it for money , <unk> as Anonymous that they make for protest and the last group are the national states , the governments that attack .
And then we see cases like <unk> .
That 's a good example of government attack against its own citizens .
<unk> is a certified authority of the Netherlands or , actually , it was .
<unk> the last fall because of a <unk> .
I 'm going to take the safety of the site and install a <unk> .
Last week , I asked , in a meeting with the Dutch government , asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people because of the attack on <unk> .
And the answer of him was yes .
So how do people die from a attack on these ?
<unk> is an <unk> authority .
<unk> certified .
Why do the certified serve ?
Well , you need to have a website with <unk> , services , <unk> <unk> , services like Gmail .
Except that wiretapping a foreign <unk> authority .
And that made <unk> certificates .
And in the case of <unk> that happened .
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened , for example , in Egypt ?
Well , in Egypt , the protesters looted the headquarters of the Egyptian secret police based on April 2011 , and during the plunder of the building , they found a lot of papers .
Among those papers was this folder called `` <unk> . ''
And within that folder , there was a notes from a company based on Germany that had been sold by the Egyptian government to intercept the communications of the citizens of the country in the country .
They had sold this tool for 3,000 euros to the Egyptian government .
The company headquarters is right here .
I mean , Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens .
But Western governments also do this to themselves .
For example , in Germany , just a couple of weeks ago , he found the <unk> <unk> -- a <unk> used by government officers to investigate their own citizens .
If you 're <unk> in a good criminal case , it 's pretty obvious that your phone is intervened .
But today it goes beyond today .
It <unk> the Internet connection .
They were even tools like <unk> <unk> to infect our computer with a <unk> to allow them to see all communication , and listen online discussions , to get our data .
When we think carefully about things like these the obvious answer should be , `` Well , it seems wrong , but it does n't really affect me because I 'm an honest citizen .
Why worry ?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument does n't make sense .
It 's playing privacy .
Privacy is no dispute .
It 's not a question of privacy against security .
It 's about freedom against control .
If well , we could trust our governments today in 2011 , any right I 'm going to have today , to be forever .
Are you blindly keen on any future government , in an administration that we could have within 50 years ?
These are the questions that have been worried about the next 50 years .
This is where I live . I live in Kenya , in the South Side of Nairobi .
These are my dad 's cows , in the back , and behind the cows , the National Park of Nairobi .
The National Park of Nairobi does n't have fences in most of the South , which means wild animals like zebras migrate outside the park .
And predators , like male lions , follow them , and this is what they do .
<unk> our livestock .
This is one that they killed at night , and so soon we got up in the morning and we found it dead , I felt really bad because it was the only bull bull .
My community , the <unk> , we think we came from the sky with our animals and the whole land to <unk> , and so we value them so much .
So I grew up hate by lions .
They were dying of the warriors that protect our community and livestock , and they 're also upset with the problem .
So they kill lions .
This is one of the six lions who killed in Nairobi .
This is why there are so few in Nairobi National Park .
A child in my community , from six to nine years , is responsible for the cattle ' cattle , and this was the same thing to happen to me .
So I had to find a way to solve this problem .
My first idea was to use fire , because I thought the lions were frightened of them .
But I realized that this was actually not a serving , because even I was going to help lions see the pen away .
I did n't give . It went on .
A second idea was to use a <unk> .
He was trying to trick the lions so they believed it was near the pen .
But the lions are very smart . They came the first day and saw the <unk> , and they were , but the second day , they came back and said , `` This thing does n't move , it 's always here . '' So he went and killed .
So one night I was walking around the pen with a torch , and that day lions did n't come .
I found that lions are afraid of the light that moves .
So I had an idea .
And I got a switch on it to turn on and turn out the lights .
And this is a little lamp of a broken flashlight .
<unk> everything .
As you can see , the solar cell load the battery and the battery <unk> electricity to the small <unk> box . I call it a transformative .
And the <unk> box makes the lighting lights .
As you can see , the <unk> give them out , because that 's where the lions come from .
And this is how you see lions when they come from night .
The lights are <unk> and <unk> lions to think that I 'm walking through the stable , but I 'm sleeping in my bed .
Thank you .
So I put them in my house two years ago , and since then , we never got a problem with lions .
And the houses of the neighborhood heard the idea .
One of them is from this grandmother .
She had been killed by a lot of animals by lions and asked me if I could put the lights out .
I said yes .
I put them . You can see the bottom , these are the lights for lions .
Since then , I 've set them in seven houses in my community , and they 're serving a lot .
And my idea is also used for all Kenya to scare other predators as hyenas , leopards , and it 's also being used to scare the farms of farms .
And because of this invention , I was fortunate to get a scholarship to one of the best schools in Kenya , <unk> International School , and I 'm very excited .
My new school is now helping to raise funding and <unk> .
It even led my friends to my community , and we set up lights in the houses that they do n't have , and I show you how to put them .
So one year ago , I was just a kid on the grasslands of the savanna , <unk> my father 's cows , and I used to see airplanes , and I was saying that someday I would be inside one .
And today I am .
I got the opportunity to come in plane for the first time to TED .
My big dream is to be an engineer of aviation and a pilot when it grows .
I used to hate lions , but now as my invention is saving my dad 's cows and the lions , we can be with lions without any conflict .
<unk> <unk> . What in my tongue means thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You do n't imagine how exciting a story is to hear about you .
So you got a scholarship . Richard <unk> : Yes .
CA : You 're working on other electrical inventions .
What 's the next one on your list ?
<unk> : My next invention is -- I want to do a little bit of an electrical . CA : One about electrical ?
<unk> : I know it 's already invented electrical fences , but I want to do mine .
CA : So I 'm going to do it once , right ? You know , and you -- <unk> : I 've tried it before , but I stopped because I got a <unk> . CA : On the bottom of the cannon , Richard <unk> , you 're something big .
We 're going to <unk> them on every single step that you bring , my friend .
Thank you very much . <unk> : Thank you very much .
When I was a little bit , I thought my country was the best of the planet .
And I grew up singing a song called `` No <unk> . ''
And I felt very proud .
In school , we would spend all the time studying the story of Kim <unk> , but we never learned much of the rest of the world except that America , South Korea , Japan is the enemies .
Although sometimes I was asking myself about the rest of the world , I thought I would spend my whole life in North Korea , until everything changed .
When I was seven years old , I saw my first public execution .
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal .
My family was not poor and myself never hungry .
But one day , in 1995 , my mom brought home a letter from my sister 's colleague .
And he said , `` When I put this , the five members of the family will stop there in this world , because we have n't eaten in the last two weeks .
We are <unk> together on the floor , and our bodies are so weak , we 're prepared to die . ''
It was very altered .
It was the first time I heard people were suffering in my country .
At a little time , when I was walking in front of the train station , I saw something terrible that I ca n't erase my memory .
A woman who was n't life was dead in the street , holding a child in her arms watching his mother 's face without being able to do anything .
No one was helping , because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families .
A huge famine teaches North Korea in the middle of the '90s .
At the end , over a million North Koreans died during famine and only few survived survive grass and insects and <unk> .
It also became more and more frequent <unk> , everything around me was completely dark at night except for sea lights in China , barely crossing the river from my house .
I always wondered why they had light and we do n't .
This is a satellite <unk> photo at night compared to the countries .
This is the <unk> river , which serves from North Korea and China .
As you can see , the river can be very narrow in certain points , allowing North Koreans living secretly .
But many people die .
Sometimes , I saw bodies floating around the river .
I ca n't reveal the details of how I went out of North Korea , but I can only say that during the years of famine , I was sent to China to live with distant relatives .
But I just thought I 'd be separated from my family for short time .
I could never have imagined that I would take 14 years to live together .
In China , it was difficult to live as a young woman without my family .
I had no idea what life would be like a refugee refugee .
But I just learned that it 's not just extremely difficult , but also dangerous , because North Koreans in China were considered illegal immigrants .
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed , and it would be <unk> to a horrible destination back in North Korea .
One day , my worst nightmare was actually made , when I was arrested by the Chinese police and <unk> me in the police station .
Somebody had accused of me for being <unk> , so I had my skills in the Chinese language and asked a lot of questions .
I was <unk> .
I thought my heart was going to explode .
If it did n't look natural , it could be incarcerated and <unk> .
I thought my life was going to end .
But I managed to control my emotions and said the questions .
At the end of the interrogation , one officer said to another , `` This was a false report . She 's not <unk> . ''
And they let me go . It was a miracle .
North Koreans in China are seeking asylum in foreign embassies .
But many of you can be arrested by the Chinese police and deported .
These women were very lucky .
Even though they had captured it , they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure .
These North Koreans were not so lucky .
Every year , countless Koreans are caught in China and deported to North Korea , where they are tortured and imprisoned or executed in public .
Although I was lucky to escape , many other Koreans have n't had so much luck .
It is tragic that North Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard just to survive .
Even after learning a new language and finding work , it 's all the world in a moment .
That 's why , after 10 years of hiding my identity , I decided to risk you going to South Korea going to South Korea .
And I started a new life again .
<unk> in Korea was a much higher challenge than I expected .
English was very important in South Korea , I had to start learning my third language .
Also , I understood that there was a big gap between North and South .
We 're all Koreans , but within , we 've come to be very different because of 67 years of divide .
I even went through a identity crisis .
Am I <unk> or <unk> ?
Where am I ? Who am I ?
Suddenly , there was n't a country that I could call pride of mine .
Although we were going to <unk> life in Korea , it was n't easy , I made a plan . I started studying for the income exam to university .
Just when I was beginning to explore my new life , I got an alarming call .
The North Korean authorities had a little bit of money that sent my family , and as a punishment , my family was going to be displaced to the force to a remote location outside .
They had to flee immediately .
So I started planning how to help them escape .
North Koreans have to travel long distances on the way towards freedom .
It 's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea .
So ironically , I took one flight to China and went to the border of North Korea .
Because my family could n't speak Chinese , I had to guide them , somehow , for over 3,000 miles across China , and then through Southeast Asia .
The journey in <unk> took a week , and we had almost caught several times .
Once , our bus was stopped and taught by a Chinese police officer .
And he asked me all the identification of all .
As my family could n't understand Chinese , I thought my family was going to be arrested .
When the Chinese officer came to my family , I stood up and told him that they were <unk> people that I was accompanying .
He looked at me <unk> , but fortunately he believed me .
We did all the way to the <unk> border .
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe border border in <unk> .
But even after spending the border , my family was arrested and incarcerated and incarcerated .
After paying tickets and bribes , my family was released in a month .
But at the time , my family was arrested and incarcerated again in the capital of <unk> .
This was one of the lowest dots in my life .
I did everything to liberate my family , and we were so close , but my family was <unk> in prison at short of the Pacific of South Korea .
I was going to go between the immigration office and the police station desperately trying to liberate my family .
But I did n't have enough money to pay more bribes or pay tickets .
I lost hope .
At that time , or the voice of a man asking , `` What 's the problem ? ''
I was so surprised that a stranger would mind asking .
With my poor English , and with a dictionary , I explained the situation , and no doubt , the man was the ATM , and he gave me the rest of the money for my family and two North Koreans .
I thank you with my whole heart , and I asked him , `` Why does it help me ? ''
`` I 'm not helping you , '' he said .
`` I 'm helping the <unk> people . ''
I realized that was a symbolic moment in my life .
The kind of <unk> , a new hope for me and for the people that we needed to do it .
And I showed that the kindness of strangers and the international community is really the <unk> of hope that the <unk> people need .
Eventually , after our long journey , my family and I met in South Korea .
But achieving its freedom is only half of the battle .
Many North Koreans are separated from their families , and when they 're sending to a new country , they start with little or nothing .
So we can benefit from the international community with education , hands-on language , work practice , and more .
We can also act as a bridge between people in North Korea and the rest of the world .
Because many of us continue to contact with familiar with familiar with , and we 're sending information and money that is helping change North Korea from the inside .
I 've been very lucky , I 've gotten a lot of help and inspiration in my life , so I want to help North Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support .
I 'm sure you 're going to see more and more North Koreans in the world , including on the TED stage .
Thank you .
I live in the South Center .
This is South Center : <unk> stores , fast food , <unk> land .
So the city planners came together and thought , we 're going to change the name of South Center to represent something else , so they changed it to South Los Angeles , as if this is really wrong in the city .
This is the South Los Angeles , <unk> <unk> , fast food , <unk> land .
Like <unk> millions of other Americans , I live in a food desert , Los Angeles , the home , home of the food places to take and eat in the car .
What 's curious is that the food spots to get killed more people than food food .
People are dying of age-related disease in Los Angeles .
For example , the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times greater than , let 's say , Beverly Hills , which is about 15 miles away .
I emphasize that this happens .
And I wonder , how would you feel if you did n't have access to healthy food , and if every time they come out of home , you see the effects of the current food system has in its neighborhood ?
I see the wheelchair and sold as a <unk> car .
I see dialysis centers like Starbucks .
And I think this must stop .
I think the problem is the solution .
Food is the problem , and it 's the solution .
I also got tired of driving 45 minutes back and back to buy an apple that does n't have pesticides .
What I did , was plant a forest forest in front of my house .
In a land strip that we call a gardening .
It 's about 45 meters for three feet .
The point is , it belongs to the city .
But you have to keep it .
I said , `` Well , I can do what comes in wins , because it 's my responsibility and I have to keep it . ''
That 's how I decided to keep it .
So my group and I , L.A. Green <unk> , we put together , and we started planting our own food forest , <unk> trees , you know , the nine whole vegetables .
What we do , we are a kind of group paid group in advance of all backgrounds , from all the city and completely voluntary , and everything we do is free .
And the garden , I was beautiful .
Then someone complained .
The city would take me on top of me and in summary , I was given a <unk> saying that I had to take my garden , the <unk> was made warrant .
And I was saying , `` Come on , really ?
A warrant for planting food in a piece of land that nobody cares ? '' So I was like , `` Well , let 's go . ''
Because this time it was n't going to happen .
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve <unk> , and I talked to the <unk> and one of the <unk> members of Green <unk> , who put a request on Change.org , with 900 signatures , we were successful .
We had victory in our hands .
My <unk> even called to say they supported and loved what we were doing .
I mean , we go , why not ?
L.A. is the city of the United States with <unk> land .
It 's got <unk> <unk> .
That 's about 20 Central <unk> .
That 's enough space to plant <unk> million tomato plants .
Why on Earth do n't like this ?
We had a plant giving a thousand , 10,000 seeds .
When a dollar of <unk> will give you 75 dollars of a result .
It 's my hymn , when I say to people , grow your own food .
Your own food is like printing your own money .
You see , I have a legacy for South Center .
I grew up there . Let 's get my kids out there .
I became a part of this <unk> reality that was <unk> for me for others , and I 'm going to manufacture my own reality .
You see , I 'm an artist .
<unk> is my graffiti , I grew my art .
Such an artist of graffiti , that <unk> walls , I <unk> soils , <unk> .
I use the garden , land , like a piece of canvas , and the plants and the trees , are my <unk> of that canvas .
You 'd be surprised to see what the land can do . If you let it be his canvas .
You simply ca n't imagine how amazing it is and how it affects people .
What happened ?
I 'm witness to how my garden became an education tool , of transformation in my neighborhood .
To change the community , you have to change the composition of the land .
We are the land .
You 'd be surprised to see how it affects the kids .
<unk> is the most therapeutic and provocative act that they can do , especially in a <unk> .
Also , you get strawberries .
I remember one occasion , which came from a mother and his daughter , were like the 10:30 p.m. and were in my garden , I went out and looked very <unk> .
I , well , man , I felt bad that they were there , and I said , you know , you do n't have to do this .
This is on the street for a reason .
I felt shame by seeing people who were so close to me hungry , and this just reinforces why I do this , people ask me , `` End , do n't react people to rob your food ? ''
I say , `` Oh my God , I 'm not afraid you 're going to steal . ''
That 's what it 's on the street .
That 's what it 's about .
I want you to take it , but instead , I want you to raise your health . ''
There was another occasion that I put a garden in a shelter in the center of Los Angeles .
They were these guys , who helped me to download the truck .
It was fabulous , they shared their stories about how it had affected them and how they used to plant their mom and her grandmother , and it was great to see how this changed , so just for a moment .
So Green School has come to plant maybe 20 gardens .
We 've had , like 50 people who come , work and participate , all in voluntary plan .
If the kids cultivate <unk> , the kids will eat <unk> .
If they grow tomatoes , they 'll eat tomatoes , but if none of it are taught , if you 're not taught how food affects mind and body , they eat blind , what you 'll put them in front of .
I see young people who want to work , but they have this thing that they 're stuck with . I see guys that are on this path designed for them , that it does n't take them anywhere .
With the gardening , I see an opportunity where we can train these kids that are being transferred from their communities to have a sustainable life .
And when we do this , who knows ?
Maybe the next George Washington Washington <unk> .
But if we do n't change the composition of land , we will never do it .
Now this is one of my plans , this is something I want to do .
I want to plant a whole block of gardens , where people can share food on the same block .
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy cafes .
Now do n't get me wrong .
I 'm not talking about free things , because free is not sustainable .
Curious thing about sustainability is that you have to <unk> it .
What I 'm talking about is putting people out of the streets , to get kids out of the street , who know the joy , the pride and the honor of growing their own food , by opening markets of farmers .
What I want to do here , we have to make it sexy .
I want everybody to become <unk> <unk> , <unk> , gardeners <unk> .
We have to change the script of what is a <unk> .
If you 're not a gardener , you 're not a <unk> .
So let 's take them to take their horns . OK ?
That that is your weapon of choice .
In addition , if you want to meet with me , well , if you want to see me , I 'm not called if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some crap -- to talk about making some crap .
If you want to see me , you come into the garden with your underpinning so we can plant something .
Peace : Thank you .
Thank you .
( <unk> noise ) You probably would agree with me that this is a very nice road .
It 's made out of asphalt , and asphalt is a good material to drive , but not always , especially in days as it rains a lot .
You can have a lot of water in asphalt to asphalt .
And especially if they 're riding on your bicycle and these cars , that 's not very nice .
Also , asphalt can make a lot of noise .
It 's a noisy material , and if we build roads , like the Netherlands , very close to cities , we would want a silent road .
The solution for that is to make roads of porous .
<unk> , a material that we use now in most of the roads of the Netherlands , has pores , and the water can go through it , so all water is going to flow across the sides , and they 'll have a road that it 's easy to drive , and you do n't get water .
The noise also disappear in these pores .
Because it 's very hollow , all the noise goes away , so it 's a very quiet road .
It also has disadvantages , of course , and the downside of this road is that it can get rid of it .
What is it getting rid of ? Look at this road , the stones on the surface are coming out .
So first of the stone , then some more and more and more and more and so on , and then -- well , I wo n't do that . But you can hurt your windshield , and you 're not happy with that .
And finally , this can also lead to more and more damage .
Sometimes they can create bump into that .
Oh . It 's ready .
<unk> , of course , that you can become a problem , but we have a solution .
Here you can actually see what the damage appears in this material .
It 's an <unk> asphalt , as I said , so it only has a small amount of <unk> between the stones .
Because of the <unk> , the light light , to <unk> , this <unk> , this <unk> , the glue between the <unk> , <unk> , and if you give up , they 'll get <unk> and separate from <unk> .
So if you drive down the road , you 'll take the <unk> -- as we saw here .
To solve this problem , we think of <unk> materials .
If we can make this material <unk> , then we probably have a solution .
So what we can do is use steel wool , from that to clean up <unk> , and we can cut the steel wool into very small chunks , and we can mix those little pieces with the <unk> .
So we have asphalt with little bits of steel wool on it .
Then you need a machine , like the one you see here , you use to cook -- a induction machine .
The induction can heat , especially steel , it 's really good at that .
So what you 've got to do is heat the steel , melt the <unk> , the <unk> flow by these <unk> and rocks <unk> back to the surface .
Today I used a microwave oven , because I ca n't bring the big induction machine here onstage .
The microwave oven is a similar system .
I put the show , which I 'm going to get to see what happened .
This is the sample now .
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples .
We tried a lot of samples there and then the government , really saw our results , and they thought , `` Well , that 's really interesting . We have to try . ''
So we donated a piece of road , 400 meters from the <unk> highway , where we had to make a test lane to test this material .
So that 's what we did there . You see where we were doing a road test , and then , of course , this road lasts several years without any damage . That 's what we know about practice .
We took a lot of samples from this road and we tested it in the lab .
We 've done the samples , we 've been putting a lot of charge on them , and then we 've found them in the place of our induction , and we looked at them and put them back to try .
We can repeat this many times .
Well , to conclude , I can say we 've done a material using steel fibers , incorporating these fibers , using the energy for induction to actually increase the life on the surface of the road , you can even double the life on the surface , and you can even double a lot of money with very simple tricks .
And now , of course , they 're kind of curious if this also worked .
We still have the sample here . It 's pretty hot .
Actually , it 's got to cool first before I can show you how repairability acts .
But I 'm going to do an attempt .
Let 's see . Yes , it worked .
Thank you .
When I was 11 , I remember having aroused one morning with the sound of the <unk> in my house .
My father was listening to BBC on his little gray radio .
He had a big smile on her face that was unusual at those times , because the news is usually about him .
`` The Taliban were ! '' `` I screamed my father .
I did n't know what it meant , but I could see my father was very , very happy .
`` Now you can go to a real school , '' he said .
One morning I 'll never forget .
A real school .
You see , I was six years old when the Taliban had been completed from Afghanistan and made illegal girls go to school .
For the next five years , I 'd become like a child to recruit my older sister , who could no longer be used to be a secret school .
It was the only way we could both educate them .
Every day , we took a different route so that nobody could be suspicious where we were going .
We had to hide books on the market bags to look like that we 're shopping .
The school was in a house , more than 100 of us stuffed in a little room .
It was nice in winter , but extremely hot in summer .
We all knew that we were doing our lives -- the teacher , the students and our parents .
Occasionally , the school was suddenly closed for a week , because the Taliban <unk> .
We always wondered what they knew about them .
They were following us ?
Did you know where we lived ?
We were <unk> , but still , the school was where we wanted to be .
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was <unk> and the daughters .
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time .
A total <unk> of a remote province in Afghanistan . <unk> that his daughter , my mother , outside to school , and so his father was <unk> .
But my educated mother turned mastery .
This is her .
He took two years ago , just to convert our home to school for girls and women in our neighborhood .
And my father , this is , was the first of his family in getting education .
There was no doubt that his children had to receive education , even their daughters , despite the Taliban , despite the risks .
For him , there was a higher risk in not to educate her children .
Over the years of the Taliban , I remember having moments where I was very frustrated by our life , and I was always scared and I did n't see a future .
I wanted to quit , but my father said , `` <unk> , my daughter , you can lose everything you have in life .
They can steal your money . You can force yourself to leave your house during a war .
But there is one thing that will always be with you , what 's here , and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education , we will .
So do you still want to continue ? ''
I 'm 22 years old today .
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war .
Less than six percent of women in my age have more than high school , and if my family had n't been so committed to my education , I would be one of them .
Instead , I find myself proud to graduate in <unk> College .
When I returned to Afghanistan , my grandfather , the one who was <unk> out of her home by the courage to educate her daughters , was one of the first to laugh .
He was not just <unk> from my university degree , but I was also the first woman , and I 'm the first woman , I 've been driving it through the streets of Kabul .
My family believes in me .
I dream in big , but my family has even more great dreams to do .
That 's why I 'm the global ambassador of <unk> , a global campaign to educate women .
That 's why I cofounded <unk> , the first one and maybe the only private school for girls in Afghanistan , a country where it 's still risky for girls to go to school .
The exciting thing is I see students in my school with the strong desire to harness the opportunity .
And I see their parents and their families who , like mine , <unk> for them , even though , and even in front of a daunting opposition .
Like Ahmed . It 's not his real name , and I ca n't show you his face , but Ahmed is the father of one of my students .
Less than a month ago , he and his daughter went out of the way from <unk> to his village , and literally , it was escaped from being killed by a bomb on the way , for minutes .
When he gets to his house , they 're the phone , a voice was given that if he kept his daughter to school , he would try it back .
`` <unk> already , if you want , '' he said , `` but it does n't harm the future of my daughter by your old and <unk> ideas . ''
What I 've been aware of Afghanistan , and it 's something that is often forgotten in the West , is that behind most of us , there 's a father who recognized the value of her daughter and that he sees that the success of her own success .
It does n't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success .
Indeed , they are often the first compelling <unk> of their daughters , but in the context of a society , like the Afghanistan of Afghanistan , we need the support of men .
Under the Taliban , the girls who went to school is count in hundreds -- remember , it was illegal .
But today , over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan .
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America .
I find Americans see the fragility of changes .
And I 'm afraid these changes did n't last long , after the retreat of American troops .
But when I go back to Afghanistan , when I look at students in my school and their parents who were pushing for them , that I 've been able to get them into a future <unk> and a durable change .
For me , Afghanistan is a country of hope and possibilities disorder , and every day , the girls of <unk> remember me .
Like me , they dream big .
Thank you .
Never , I 've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in exile : `` <unk> , resists Gaddafi . <unk> against him .
But you never have a revolutionary <unk> revolutionary . ''
They 've spent almost two years since the inspired revolution inspired by the surge of mass <unk> so much of the Tunisian revolution .
A forces with many other citizens <unk> , inside and outside of the country to call a day of anger and starting a revolution against the Ice Age regime of Gaddafi .
And we did it ; it was a big revolution .
Women and men <unk> were at the cutting edge , pushing each of the regime , they were carrying banners freedom , dignity and social justice .
They 've shown a courage 's <unk> of the brutal dictatorship of Gaddafi .
They 've shown a great sense of solidarity from the Far East , up to the west , to the south .
Finally , after a period of six months of brutal war and a loss of about 50,000 dead people , we managed to liberate our country and overthrowing the tyrant .
However , Gaddafi left a heavy load , a legacy of tyranny , corruption and seeds of disruption .
For four decades , the <unk> regime of Gaddafi destroyed the infrastructure , the culture and the moral structure of society 's society .
Realizing about the devastation and the challenges , I 've wanted , alongside many other women , rebuild civil society , pushing a inclusive , fair transition towards democracy and national reconciliation .
There were approximately 200 organizations in <unk> during , and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi , about 300 in <unk> .
After a period of 33 years of exile , I went back to Libya and with one enthusiasm , I began to organize workshops about the development of capabilities , and leadership skills .
With an amazing group of women , we founded the West <unk> Women 's West <unk> , a movement of women , leaders , of <unk> guidance , to advocate for the <unk> autonomy of the woman and by our right to advocate equal to the building of democracy and peace .
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the <unk> period , an environment that was getting more and more <unk> , which is <unk> from selfish policies and exclusion .
Eventually , our initiative was successful and successful .
Women won a <unk> percent of Congress in the early elections in 52 years .
However , gradually , the exhilaration of elections and revolution like a whole , they were disappearing , every day we were in the news of violence .
One day we woke up with the news of the <unk> of ancient mosques and Sufi graves .
Another day with the news of the murder of the U.S. Ambassador and the attack on <unk> .
Another day we woke up with the news of the military officers of the military .
And every day , every day , we woke up with the militia government and their full violations of human rights in prisoners and their lack of respect of the law .
Our society , trained by a revolutionary mindset , became more , and it 's gone from the ideals of the ideals and the principles of freedom , dignity , social justice , that we had at the beginning .
intolerance , exclusion , and revenge became the icons of the revolution of revolution .
I 'm not here today to inspire you with our success story of the `` list <unk> '' and elections .
Rather , I 'm here today to confess that we , as a nation , we chose bad , we make the wrong decision .
We do n't prioritize well .
Because elections did n't bring peace , stability and security to Libya .
<unk> list and <unk> between candidates and candidates brought national peace and national reconciliation ?
No , they did n't .
What happened then ?
Why is our society still polarized policies with dominance policies and exclusion , both by men like women ?
Maybe what was missing was not only women , but women 's values of compassion and mercy and inclusion .
Our society needs national dialogue and creating consensus on more than the elections , which just needed the polarization and divide .
Our nation needs feminine depiction of the female most than the numerical and quantitative performance of it .
We need to stop acting as an outrage , and call days of anger .
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy .
We have to develop a female speech , which not just <unk> , but also putting mercy instead of revenge , collaboration instead of competition , inclusion instead of exclusion .
These are the ideals that an Libya , torn apart by war , desperately needs to end peace .
Because peace has a alchemy that deals with the interrelationship and <unk> between female perspectives and men .
That 's the real <unk> .
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it <unk> .
According to a <unk> <unk> <unk> -- peace -- `` is the word of gracious God , [ unclear ] compassionate . ''
At the same time , the word `` <unk> , '' which is known in all the traditions of <unk> , has the same root in Arabic that the word `` <unk> '' -- uterus -- , <unk> the feminine and maternal , who spans the entire humanity that men and women have , that all of the tribes and all the peoples have <unk> .
And so , just like the uterus covers completely the embryo , that grows inside , the divine matrix of compassion gives all the existence .
That 's what it tells us , `` My mercy involves all things . ''
That 's how we say , `` My mercy is prevalent on my anger . ''
That everyone is going to give you the grace of mercy .
Thank you .
I 'm here today to talk to you about a disturbing question , which has a equally disturbing answer .
It 's about the secrets of domestic violence , and the question I 'm going to address is what everybody is doing always : Why should she be left ?
Why would anybody go to stay with a man who sticks it ?
I 'm not a psychiatrist , no social worker , no expert in domestic violence .
I 'm just a woman with a story to tell .
I was 22 years old . I had just been <unk> at Harvard University .
I had moved to New York City for my first job as a writer and editor at <unk> magazine .
I had my first apartment , my first <unk> American Express , and I had a very big secret .
My secret was that many , many , many times , the man , that I believed my twin soul , he aimed at his head with a gun , loaded with bullets .
The man , I loved more than anyone in this world , put a gun in my head and he threatened to kill me more times than I can remember .
I 'm here to tell you the story of `` crazy love , '' a psychological trap , any of love , where they fall from millions of women , and even some men .
It could even be his story .
I do n't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence .
I 'm <unk> English at Harvard University and I have an MBA at <unk> Business School .
I 've spent most of my career working for Fortune 500 list , among Johnson & Johnson , Leo <unk> and The Washington Post .
I have nearly 20 years married with my second husband , and we have three kids .
My dog is a black <unk> and I drive a <unk> <unk> Odyssey .
So my first message to you is that domestic violence can happen to anybody , all races , all of the religions , all income levels and education .
It 's everywhere .
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women , which is a problem of women .
Not exactly .
Over 85 percent of the <unk> are men , and domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships , interdependent and long duration or , said otherwise , in the families , the last place we would want to find violence , which is why , to find violence , which is why , for which , domestic abuse is so puzzling .
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world who was running with a man who sticks it , and I was actually a very typical victim because of my age .
I was 22 years old , and in the United States , the women in between 16 and 24 , they have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other ages , and over 500 women and girls of that age , they are killed every year by couples , liberty and husbands in the United States .
I was also a typical victim , because I did n't know anything about domestic violence , their warning signals or their patterns .
I met <unk> in a cold and rainy night in January .
I was sitting next to my side in New York City , and he started <unk> me .
He told me two things .
The first one was that he 'd also had a <unk> of a university League college and working in a very important bank of Wall Street .
But what impressed me about that first encounter was ready and fun , and it seemed like a guy in the field .
He had some big <unk> , like apples , and a wheat owned wheat , and it seemed so sweet .
One of the smartest things he made <unk> , from the beginning , was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the mate .
He did it all over the beginning <unk> on a pedestal .
We started out and loved everything from me : I was ready , that I 'd gone to Harvard , who would put passion to help teenage girls , and my job .
I wanted to know everything about my family , my childhood , my dreams and illusions .
He believed in me , as a writer and as a woman , as nobody had ever done .
And that was why the bachelor 's degree in that <unk> school and the job on Wall Street and his bright future had so much of it .
I did n't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is seduced and <unk> to the victim .
And I did n't know that the second step is <unk> .
Now , the last thing I wanted to do was I went out of New York City and leave my dreams of my dreams , but I thought that I had to do sacrifices for your partner , so I agreed , I quit my job and <unk> and I went together in Manhattan .
I had no idea that I was falling in a `` crazy love , '' which was entering a physical trap , financial and really carefully psychological .
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it reacts to it .
And here 's where those guns come in .
As soon as we moved to New England , you know , that site where it 's supposed to be so safe had to buy three guns .
One was in the <unk> of the car .
Another he kept underneath the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket .
And he said he needed those guns to the trauma that lived small .
He needed to feel safe .
But those guns actually were a message for me and , although I never had my hands raised , my life was already serious , every minute of every day .
The first physical attack on <unk> was five days before our wedding .
It was seven in the morning and still had the <unk> .
Five days later , when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared , I put my mother 's girlfriend 's suit and married him .
Despite what had happened , I was confident that we were very happy , because I loved it , and he also wanted me a lot .
And I was very , very subtle .
It was simply very overwhelmed by the wedding and for the fact of making a family with me .
It had been an isolated accident and never hurt me .
I spent two times more at our <unk> .
The first time I was driving to a secret beach , and I lost myself , and he got me so strong in my head that <unk> several times against the window of the car .
And then , a couple of days later , driving back from our <unk> of honey , he ran through the traffic and put me a Big Mac to the face .
He went on to <unk> one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage .
And I would tell you when I thought it was the only one in this situation .
One of three American women is a victim of domestic violence or bullying at some time in his life , and the Centers for Disease Control reported that every year 15 million children are abused , 15 million .
So , actually , I had very good company .
So , back to my question , why was I left ?
The answer is simple .
I did n't know he was abusing me .
Instead , I was a very strong woman , in love with a profoundly <unk> man , and was the only person in the world who could help <unk> their demons .
The other question that everybody does is : Why would n't you just go ?
Why did n't I go ? I could have gone at any time .
For me , this is the saddest and painful question that people do , because we , the victims , we know something that normally you ignore : it 's incredibly dangerous to abandon a <unk> .
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is her .
More than 70 percent of the killings in domestic violence cases occur after the victim has grown to the end of the relationship , after leaving , because then the <unk> has no longer to lose .
Other repercussions include the permanent harassment , even after the <unk> has returned to marry , any of financial resources , and manipulation of the family judicial system for <unk> to the victim and their children , which are usually obliged by judges to spend time not <unk> with the man that I would staple their mother .
And still we keep asking why just does n't go ?
I was able to go , because of one last <unk> beat that beat my denial .
I realized that the man who loved so much , would have killed me if he would have allowed it .
So I broke the silence .
He told everybody the whole world : the police , my neighbors , to my friends and family , to full strangers , and I 'm here today because all of you helped me .
We have the tendency to <unk> victims like spooky headlines , <unk> women , damaged goods .
The question , `` Why is it left ? ''
For some people , it 's a way to say `` guilt is yours to stay , '' as if the victims <unk> intentionally <unk> men who want to destroy us .
But since I posted `` Hey , love , '' I 've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who also escaped , who learned a lesson of what happened to them , and that their lives are joyful , wives and mothers , completely free of violence , like mine .
Because it turns out that I 'm actually a victim and a survivor of domestic violence .
I went back to married with a nice and nice man , and we have these three kids .
I have this black <unk> and also that <unk> .
What I 'm not going to get back to ever , never , is a <unk> gun pointing to my head in the hands of someone who says he wants to .
Right now , as you 're thinking , `` <unk> , that 's fascinating ! '' or `` <unk> , what stupid it was ! ''
I promise you there are a few people who are listening to me right now , who are being abused right now , who are being abused or they were <unk> themselves .
<unk> could be affecting his daughter , his sister , to her best friend right now .
I was able to end my crazy love with the silence .
And I keep doing it today .
It 's my way to help other victims , and it 's my last request to you .
Talk to what you 've heard here .
Management only in silence .
They have the power to end domestic violence simply shedding light on it .
The victims we need all over the world .
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence .
Take the abuse of the light on talking about it with their kids , their friends and family colleagues .
They were looking at their vision of survivors as fantastic people and charming , who have a full future .
They would take the early signs of violence to intervene consciously , to slow down their climb and show the victims a safe way .
Together , we can convert our beds , our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis that should be .
Thank you .
Hello . I call Cameron Russell , and for a while , I 'm a model .
To be precise , for being accurate .
And I feel that right now , there 's an awkward tension in the room because I should n't have dress up like this . Luckily , I brought clothes to change .
This is the first return of clothing on a TED stage , so you 've got a lot of <unk> , I think .
If some of the women get into it when I come out , they do n't have to tell you now , but I 'll figure it out later on Twitter .
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think about me in just 10 seconds .
Not everybody has that opportunity .
So , these guys are very uncomfortable ; I 'm less bad than I do n't have to use them .
The worst part is to pass this sweater through the head , because it 's when you 're going to laugh at me , so you do n't do anything as you cover my head .
All right .
Why have I done this ?
It 's been embarrassing .
Well , I hope not as much as this picture .
appearance is powerful , but also superficial .
I 've changed totally what you thought about six seconds .
And in this picture , I had never had a boyfriend in real life .
I was totally uncomfortable , and the photographer would tell me that he would take my back and make the kid 's hair .
Of course , except with surgery or an artificial <unk> like the one that made me two days ago for work , there 's very little we can do to transform our aspect , which , even though superficial and unchanging , has a huge impact on our lives .
So today , to me , being brave means to be honest .
I 'm on this stage because I 'm a model .
I 'm a nice and white woman , and in my workforce , that 's a sexy girl .
I 'm going to answer the questions that people always make me , but in a sincere way .
The first question is , how do you get a model ?
And I always say , `` A <unk> discovered me , but that does n't mean anything . ''
The real reason I made myself model is because I won the genetic lottery , and I 'm a beneficiary of a heritage , and maybe you 're wondering what this heritage is .
Well , over the past few centuries , we 've not only defined beauty as health and youth and symmetry , which we are biologically programmed to admire , we 've also joined a high , <unk> shape , to womanhood and a white skin .
And that is my heritage , heritage that I 've known to take for money .
And I know there are people in the audience who are now going to be skeptical , and maybe there are some <unk> guy who are saying -- Hold on . There are Naomi , <unk> , Joan <unk> , textile .
First of all , let 's look so much about models .
But sadly , I have to report to report that in 2007 , a Ph.D. student from the University of New York told each and every one of the models on the runway , and of the hired models of hired , only 27 , that is , less than four percent , they were n't white .
The next question that people always do is : Can it be model when it 's bigger ?
And my first answer is : I do n't know . I 'm not commissioned to that .
But then , what I would really tell you to every one of these girls is : Why ? You can be whatever you want .
You can be president of the United States , or the inventor of the next Internet , or a surgeon and ninja and poet , which would be amazing , because you 're the first one .
If after this spectacular list , they still insist , no , no , Cameron , I want to be model , then I 'm going to tell you , I know my boss .
Because I 'm not in charge of anything , and you could be the head of writing American magazine or director of H & M , or next Steven <unk> .
To say that as much as you want to be model is to say you want to win the lottery when you have bigger .
It 's out of your control , it 's amazing , and it 's not a job that you can choose .
I 'm going to show you everything that I learned in 10 years as a model , because unlike <unk> surgery , can be summarized right now .
I do n't know what happened there .
Unfortunately , once you 've been running through your studies , and you have a rsum , and you 've got some work on your back , no matter what you say , you say , if you said that you want to be president of the United States , but your curriculum : Model live for 10 years , people will look at you weird .
The next question that people are always doing is if all the photos were going on .
And I know , virtually all the pictures , but that 's just a small part of what happens .
This was the first picture that I took , and also the first time I used a bikini , and I did n't even have my period yet .
I know we 're entering a personal terrain , but I was a little girl .
So I looked at my grandmother a few months before .
These two pictures are the same day .
My friend came with me .
Here I am in a pajama party a few days before the French <unk> .
Here I am with my soccer team and I was at V magazine .
And this is me today .
And I hope you 'll realize that I 'm not me in those pictures .
They are creations of a group of professionals , <unk> , <unk> , photographers and <unk> , and all of their <unk> and <unk> and <unk> , and they can create this . That 's not me .
Well , the next question that people are always doing is : Do we get things for free ?
I have too much six inches tall and I never use , except the couple before , but the privilege I get are the ones I get in real life , and we do n't like to speak .
I grew up in Cambridge , and once I went to a store and I forgot to get money , and they gave me the <unk> .
When I was a teenager , I was traveling with my friend who was a bad driver ; he was jumped in a red light and , of course , we stood up , and it took a sorry , an agent so I could keep driving .
It 's going to make sure these privilege for me , not because of what I am , and there are people paying a price for what they look no matter who they are .
I live in New York City , and last year , of the teenagers who stood up and reported , 86 percent were black and Latino , and most of them were young men .
And there are only black and Latino women in New York City , so for them , is n't a question of <unk> ?
But when ?
When I did research for this talk , I found out that at 53 percent of the girls in 13 years in the United States , they do n't like their body , and that figure rises to 78 percent to 17 .
So the last question that people do is : How is the life of a model ?
And I think the answer that you 're expecting is : If you 're a little thinner and you have the brighter hair , you 're going to be very happy and fantastic .
And behind the cameras , we give an answer that might look like it .
We say it 's really wonderful to travel , and also incredible to be able to work with creative , resourceful , passionate people .
And that 's true , but it 's just one part of what happens , because what we never say in front of the cameras , what I 've never said in front of them , is : I 'm insecure .
And I 'm because I have to worry about my day every day .
And if you 're ever asked , with some thinner legs and the brightest hair , will be happier ?
They only have to meet with a bunch of models , because they have the thinner legs , the brightest hair and the laundry , but probably the most safe women on the planet .
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of racial oppression and gender when I am one of the biggest <unk> .
If there is something to retain this talk , I hope that everyone will feel more comfortable by recognizing the power of the image in the perception that we have about success and failure .
Thank you .
Photography has been my passion since I was enough to support a camera , but today I want to share with you my 15 more precious pictures , and I did n't go to the <unk> .
There was no artistic directors , no <unk> , no opportunity to repeat photos , not even minimal care in lighting .
In fact , most of them took them into random tourists .
My story begins when , <unk> in New York City to give a lecture , my wife pulled me up with this photo holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday . That 's the corner of 57 and five .
He did the chance that we went back to New York just one year later , so we decided to pull the same picture .
Well , you know what comes now .
When the third birthday of my daughter was approaching , my wife said to me , `` Why do n't you take me back to New York on a <unk> trip and you continue the ritual ? ''
Here 's when we started to ask the tourists that passed us to the picture .
It 's amazing that the gesture of giving the camera to a complete stranger is so universal .
No one has never been denied , and fortunately , no one has ever dealt with the camera .
So we were n't aware of how much life would change this journey .
It became something sacred to us .
This photo is a few weeks after the <unk> , and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day as a five-year-old girl could understand .
These pictures are much more than representations of a particular time or a specific journey .
They 're also a way to stop time on a week of October , and we thought about our time and our evolution over the years , not just to the physical level , but in all the senses .
Because , although we always get the same picture , our perspective changes , my daughter reaches new milestones , and I can see life through your eyes and how you perceive it and interact with everything .
That time in particular that we spend together is something that we hope with illusion all the year .
Recently , on one of the trips , we were walking , when all of a sudden , he stopped in dry and pointed out a red <unk> from the tent , which I loved of little in previous visits .
And he described to me what had felt like five years on that same place .
<unk> that he remembered his heart <unk> is going to look at that place for the first time nine years ago .
And now what he looks at in New York is universities , because it 's determined to study in New York .
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things that we create is the memories .
So I want to share the idea of actively engaging in the conscious creation of memories .
I do n't know , but besides these 15 pictures , I do n't go out in many of the familiar photos .
I 'm always the ones that take the picture .
Today , I want to encourage you all to come up in the picture , and do n't try to get closer to someone and ask , `` Do you get out a photo ? ''
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals .
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world .
The rabbits are in the <unk> birds .
First of all , why do you have such bad press ?
It 's also associated with Disney laughter as a <unk> , stupid , stupid characters .
More recently , if you 've been following the press <unk> laughter , applause and <unk> these are the attributes that associated with Parliament Parliament , but I do n't accept it .
I do n't accept it . You know why ?
Because members of Parliament do n't keep clean the environment , <unk> do n't help prevent radiation radiation .
They hardly become monogamous . They 're far from extinct . And , my favorite , rabbits have better presence . There are two types of rabbits on this planet .
There 's the rabbits of the New World who are mostly found in the Americas , like <unk> and <unk> , and the rabbits of the Old World , where we have 16 species . From these 16 , 11 face is a huge risk of extinction .
So , why is vultures important ? First of all , they provide vital ecological services .
It 's our waste of natural trash .
It <unk> the cadavers into bone .
They help kill all the bacteria . They help absorb anthrax that of not being would spread and cause large loss of livestock and diseases in other animals .
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there 's no rabbits , the bodies take out three to four times as well as we 've gone , and this has huge ramifications of the spread of diseases .
The rabbits also have huge historical importance .
They 've been associated with ancient Egyptian culture .
<unk> was the symbol of the protector and the maternity and , along with the king cobra , <unk> the unit between the Alto and 9/11 .
In the Indian mythology , <unk> was the god <unk> , and he risked his life to save the <unk> goddess of the devil 's 10 heads .
In the <unk> culture , they are doing very important burials to open sky , in places like Tibet , there is no place to bury the dead , or wood to <unk> , so these rabbits provide a system of natural elimination .
What 's the problem with rabbits ?
We have eight species of rabbits in Kenya , of which six are at least threatened to extinction .
The reason is that they 're being poisoned , and the reason that they 're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and wildlife . The <unk> communities use this poison against predators , and as a result , rabbits are victims of this .
In South Asia , in countries like India and Pakistan , four species of rabbits are on the critically endangered list of extinction , which means that in less than 10 or 15 years , it 's <unk> , and the reason is because they fall prey of the cattle that has been treated with a drug <unk> .
This drug has been banned by using veterinarian in India and have taken a position .
Since there 's no rabbits , there 's been a spread in the number of dogs on the street in landfills , and when you have dogs on the street , you have a huge bomb bomb , and the number of cases of anger has risen enormously in India .
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind farms in Africa : <unk> <unk> are going to be up the top of Lake Turkana .
I 'm not against wind energy , but we have to work with governments , because the wind turbines made this to birds . They cut them by half .
They 're <unk> .
In Western Africa , there 's an awful trade of rabbits who are dead to serve <unk> and the <unk> market .
So what 's being done ? Well , we 're researching these birds . We are <unk> transmitters .
We 're trying to determine their basic ecology , and see where they go .
We can see that they travel for different countries , so to focus on a problem locally , it 's not going to do anything .
We have to work with governments on the regional levels .
We 're working with local communities .
We 're talking to them about appreciating the rabbits , about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that they provide .
How can you help ? It can become active , make noise . You can write a letter to your government and tell you , we have to focus on these very <unk> creatures . They will spend their time to spread the word .
When you go out of this room , they will tell you about rabbits , but talk to their families , with your children , with your neighbors , with the rabbits .
They 're very elegant . Charles Darwin said it changed , because he saw them fly without effort , without energy spending in the heavens .
Kenya , this world , will be much more poor without these wonderful species .
Thank you very much .
Every single thing I make and everything I do professionally professionally -- my life -- it 's been molded by seven years of work during my youth in Africa .
Now , in 1971 to 1977 , young people , but I 'm no longer . I worked in Zambia , Kenya , Ivory Coast , Algeria and Somalia , in projects of technical cooperation with African countries .
I worked for an Italian NGO , and every project that we set up in Africa failed .
And I was very disturbed .
I thought , by the 21st , that Italians were good people and we were doing a good job in Africa .
Instead , everything we played by using it .
Our first project , which inspired my first book , `` <unk> of the <unk> , '' was a project where we decided to teach people from Zambia to grow food .
So we came up with seeds from southern Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that goes down to the <unk> River , and we teach local tomatoes to grow Italian tomatoes and <unk> , and ...
Of course , people were not at all interested in doing that , so they were <unk> to come to work , and sometimes they did n't come . We were amazed that the locals , in so fertile valley , had n't had agriculture .
However , instead of asking you how it was possible that we were n't going to have nothing , we simply said , `` Thank God that we are here . '' `` Right time to save the people of Zambia from famine . ''
And of course , everything in Africa was beautifully grown .
We got these magnificent tomatoes . In Italy , a tomato could grow up to this size . In Zambia , this size .
And we could n't believe it , we were telling them to the <unk> , `` Look how easy agriculture is . ''
When tomatoes were cute , mature and red , overnight , about 200 <unk> appeared from the river and ate everything . And we said to the <unk> , `` Oh my God , the <unk> ! ''
And the <unk> said , `` Yes , we do n't have agriculture here . '' `` Why did n't they say ? '' `` You never asked . ''
I thought only the Italians make mistakes in Africa , but then , I saw what the Americans were doing , what the English did , what the French did , what the French did , and then what they were doing , I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia .
Because , as you see , at least we feed them .
So let 's look at the waste -- let 's see the waste that we will give them to the <unk> of Africa .
He wants to read a book , I read `` Dead Help , '' <unk> <unk> , <unk> economist .
The book was published in 2009 .
We , Western donors , we 've delivered to the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years .
I 'm not going to tell you about damage that money has caused .
You just read your book .
From an African woman , the damage we 've done .
Westerners are imperialists , Mormon missionaries , and we treat people only two ways : or we 're sponsoring it , or we are <unk> .
The two words come from the Latin root `` <unk> , '' which means `` father . ''
However , they mean two different things .
<unk> , I deal with any of a different culture as my kids were , `` I want you a lot . ''
<unk> , I deal with all of a different culture as my servants were .
So the white ones in Africa are called `` <unk> , '' boss .
That book gave me a slap in the face , `` The little thing is beautiful , '' written by <unk> , who said for all economic development , if people do n't want to be helped , <unk> alone .
This is supposed to be the first principle of aid .
The first principle of aid is to respect .
This morning , the gentleman opened this conference on the ground and said , `` Can you -- you can imagine a city that 's not <unk> ? ''
I decided to respond to the people , and I invented a system called <unk> <unk> where you never start anything , you never get to anybody , but it becomes a veteran of the local passion , the servant of the local people who have a dream to become a better person .
So what does you do ? It 's going to happen .
You never get to a community with an idea , and you sit with the people of the locality .
We do n't work from offices .
We met in a cafe . We met in a bar .
We have zero infrastructure .
And what do we do ? We become friends , and we found out what the person wants to do .
The most important thing is passion .
You can give somebody an idea to somebody .
If that person does n't want to do that , what 's going to do you ?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing .
The passion that that man has to its own personal growth is the most important thing .
And then we help them find knowledge , because nobody in the world can be successful .
The person with the idea may not have knowledge , but knowledge is available .
So years and years ago , I had this idea : Why not us , for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do , why not , for once , do we hear them , but not community meetings .
Let me tell you a secret .
There 's a problem with community meetings .
The entrepreneurs will never talk about , and they will never tell you , in a public meeting , what they want to do with their own money , what opportunity they have identified .
So , planning has this blind spot .
The smartest people in their community , you do n't even know it , because they do n't get to their public meetings .
What do we do ? We work one to one , and we work face on face , you have to create social infrastructure , which does n't exist .
You should create a new profession .
The profession is the family member of the company , the family doctor , which is established with you in their house , on the table of his kitchen , in the coffee table , and it helps him find the resources to transform their passion in a way of a living .
I started this as a test in <unk> , Western Australia .
I was doing a Ph.D. in that time , trying to move away from this patronizing crap that we got to tell you what to do .
In one year , I had 27 projects going , and the government came to me to see , `` How can you do that ?
How can it do that ? '' And I said , `` I did something very , very , very hard .
I came up and listened to them . '' So , the government says , `` Do it again . '' We 've done it in 300 communities in the world .
We have helped to start 40,000 businesses .
There 's a new generation of entrepreneurs who are dying of loneliness .
Peter <unk> , one of the most supportive business advisers in history , died at '96 , a few years ago .
Peter <unk> was a professor professor before they got involved in business , and this is what Peter <unk> says : `` planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative company economy . ''
planning is the kiss of death of corporate spirit .
So now <unk> reconstructing without knowing what the most <unk> people in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy .
You have to learn how to get these people to come to talk to you .
You have to offer them up , privacy , you have to be fantastic when you help them , and then <unk> , they will come in mass .
In a community of 10,000 people , we get 200 clients .
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people , intelligence and passion ?
So what 's you going to do ?
<unk> local people . That 's what you 've got .
So , what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is .
We 're at the end of the first industrial revolution <unk> fossil fossils , manufacturing -- and one moment to another , we have systems that are not sustainable .
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable .
<unk> as a form of sustaining machinery is not sustainable .
What we have to think about , is how we think , is how we do , we heal , we build them , we transport , we communicate to seven billion people , in a sustainable way .
There are n't the technologies to do it .
Who 's going to invent the technology for the green revolution ? universities ? Forget it .
Government ? Forget it !
They 'll be entrepreneurs and they 're doing it now .
There is an adorable story that I read in futuristic magazine many , many years ago .
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in the year economy .
And in the year movie , they met this group of people , and we had this group about what would happen to New York City in 100 years , and the conclusion was <unk> : New York City would n't exist within 100 years .
Why ? Because they looked at the curve , and they talked about , if the population is kept growing up at this rate , to move to the population of New York around it , six million horses , and the manure produced by six million horses it would be impossible to tackle .
They were already being thrown out in dung . And so in <unk> , they were <unk> this dirty technology , which is <unk> New York City .
So what happens ? Over the next 40 years , in 1900 , in the United States , <unk> companies , <unk> companies .
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there was very few , <unk> , factories in <unk> places .
<unk> , Michigan . Henry Ford .
However , there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs .
First , you have to offer them .
Otherwise , they wo n't come to talk to you .
Then you have to offer an absolute , dedicated , <unk> service .
And then later , you 'll have to tell you the truth about it .
The smallest company , the biggest company , has to be able to do three <unk> things : the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic , you have to have a fantastic marketing , and you have to have a fantastic financial administration .
You know what ?
We have never met a single human being in the world that I can do , sell and look for money alone .
There is no one .
This is still not born .
We 've looked at research , and I looked at the 100 iconic world cones , express , Edison , Ford , all the new companies , Google , Yahoo .
There is only one thing that all the successful companies in the world have in common , only one : no one was started by one person .
Never the word `` me '' -- but the word `` us '' -- 32 times .
He was n't just when it started .
Nobody starts a company alone . No one .
So , we can create the community where we have facilitators , who come from a small business environment by sitting in coffee shops , in bars together with their dedicated elderly people who will do for you , what someone made for you this gentleman is talking about to you , who 's going to ask you , what does it need ?
What can you do ? Can you do that ?
Okay , can you sell ? Can you look for money ? ''
`` Oh , no , I ca n't do that . ''
We activate communities .
Thank you .
Those people around us can help us in many ways to improve our lives .
We do n't know all the neighbors , so we do n't exchange a lot of knowledge in spite of sharing the same public spaces .
In the last few years I 've been trying to share more with my neighbors in the public space , with simple tools like <unk> and templates and chalk .
These projects came from questions like , how much do my neighbors pay for their apartments ?
How can we serve and borrowing more things without calling the door in a bad time ?
How do we share more memories from our abandoned buildings and understand better our landscape ?
How do we share more our hopes for empty stores so that our communities can reflect today our needs and dreams ?
I live in New Orleans and I 'm in love with New Orleans .
My soul always find relief with the giant oak <unk> that give lovers and <unk> and <unk> for centuries and I trust a city .
There 's always a parade to music . There 's a parade in New Orleans . The city has one of the most beautiful architectures in the world , but also one with the largest number of abandoned U.S. properties .
I live near this house and I thought about how it could turn it into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood and also something that changed my life forever .
In 2009 , I lost someone who loved a lot .
It was Joan , as a mother for me .
Their death was sudden and unexpected .
I thought a lot of death .
And that made me deep gratitude for the time that I had lived and all of this .
It clearly gave the significant things about my current life .
But let 's try this look in my everyday life .
I think it 's easy to drop up the day and forget the really important thing to one .
So with the help of old , new friends transformed the wall of this abandoned house on a giant board and painted about it to stop phrases to complete , `` Before I die I want ... ''
So , those noises could take a chalk , reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space .
I did n't know what to wait for this experiment , but the next day the wall was filled with , and he was still <unk> .
And I 'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall .
`` Before I die I want to be judged by piracy , '' `` Before I die , I want to sit on the line of change for date . ''
`` Before I die I want to sing for millions of people . ''
`` Before I die I want to plant a tree . ''
`` Before I die I want to live outside the network . ''
`` Before I die I want to give you again again . ''
`` Before I die , I want to go to somebody 's rescue . ''
`` Before I die I want to be completely myself . ''
This space abandoned became constructive and the dreams and hope of people made me laugh out loud , <unk> me , and they gave me comfort in moments .
It 's about knowing that you 're not alone . It 's about understanding our neighbors in new ways and <unk> . It 's about supporting reflection and contemplation , and to remember what 's most important for us as we grow and change .
This happened last year , and I started getting hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community .
So with my colleagues in civic center , we did a kit now , and now they 've made walls in countries around the world , as Kazakhstan , South Africa , Australia , Argentina and beyond .
And together we show the power of our public spaces if we give ourselves the opportunity to express ourselves and share each other .
Two of the most valuable things we have are time and our relationships with other people .
In our age of <unk> , it 's more important than ever , finding ways to conserve perspective and remember that life is short and delicate .
Death is something that we often avoid talking about , or even thinking , but I understood that we 're going to prepare for death is one of those things that we 're getting more power .
It 's going to be thinking about death , <unk> our life .
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters to us as individuals and as community and more media to share hope , fears and stories , the people around us ca n't only help improve places , can help improve our lives .
Thank you .
Thank you .
I have a single request .
Please do n't tell me that I 'm normal .
Now I 'd like to introduce you to my brothers .
It 's 22 years old , it 's high and very handsome .
He does n't talk , but he says better joy than some of the best speakers .
<unk> knows what love is .
And it unconditionally helps happen what happens .
It 's not <unk> . It does n't look at the color color .
It does n't care about religious differences and notice about this : never lied .
When he 's singing our childhood songs , trying to make words that I could n't even remind myself , it reminds me of one thing : how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it must be the unknown .
Samuel 's 16 . It 's high . It 's very handsome .
It has the most pristine memory .
However , it 's a selective memory .
It does n't remember if I stole my <unk> , but remember the year when each of the songs came out of my iPod 's songs , conversations that we kept when I was four , leaned in my arm during the first episode of the <unk> and the Lady Gaga birthday .
Is n't it amazing ?
But most people do n't agree .
And in fact , because their minds do n't fit into the concept of normal society , they 're often ignored and <unk> .
But what propelled my heart and <unk> my soul was that even if that was the case , even though they do n't consider them inside the ordinary , that could only mean one thing : they were extraordinary , autistic and extraordinary .
Now , for those less familiar with the term `` autism '' is a complex brain disorder that affects social media , learning and sometimes physical skills .
In each individual , it manifests itself in a different way , where it 's so different at Sam .
And all over the world , every 20 minutes , a new case of autism is diagnosed , and even though it 's one of the developing disorders that faster in the world , there is no cause no known cure .
I do n't agree with my first encounter with autism , but I do n't remember one day without it .
I was only three years when my brother came to the world , and I was very excited to have a new way to be in my life .
When I spent a few months , I realized that he was different .
It 's a lot .
I did n't want to play like the other babies and , in fact , I did n't look very interested in me at all .
He was living in his own world , and he went out in his own world , with his own rules , and I found pleasure in the smallest things , like putting the cars in front of the room , looking at the washing machine and eating anything that was between .
As I grew up , it becomes more different , and the differences were made more apparent .
But beyond contempt , frustration and hyperactivity itself , there was something really unique : a pure , innocent nature , a child who sees the world without prejudice , a human being that never lied .
Extraordinary .
I ca n't deny that there have been some tough moments in my family , moments where I wish they were just like me .
But I look back at the things that have taught me about individuality , communication and love , and I realize that it 's things that I would n't want to change for normal .
Now , normality goes high for the beauty that gives us the differences and the fact of being different does n't mean that any of you are wrong .
It just means that there 's a different view of what 's right .
If I could get one thing to <unk> and Sam and to you , you do n't have to be normal .
They can be extraordinary .
Because autistic or not , the differences we have -- they 're a gift ! Each of us has a gift inside and honestly , the pursuit of normal is the last sacrifice of the potential .
The opportunity for greatness , progress and change dies in the time when we 're trying to be like others .
Please do n't tell me that I 'm normal .
Thank you .
Five years ago , I experienced a little bit of what was going to be Alice in the Country of Wonders .
Penn State asked me , a communications teacher , who gave a kind of communication to engineering students .
I was scared . They really suck out of these students with their great minds , their big books and their big and unknown words .
But in the rise of those conversations , I felt what Alice must have felt when she fell through the rabbit hole and saw the door of a new world .
I just sat down when I had those conversations with students . I was surprised the ideas that they had , and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world .
And I think the key to opening that door is a big communication .
We need desperately a lot of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world .
Our scientists and engineers are attacking our biggest challenges , from energy to environment and health care , among others , and if we do n't know , we do n't understand this , work is n't done , and I think it 's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions .
But these big conversations can not happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world .
So scientists and engineers , please , <unk> <unk> .
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure we can see that your science is sexy and that your engineering is attractive .
First question for <unk> , and then what ?
It 's why science is relevant to us .
Do n't just tell us that they study the <unk> , but they study the <unk> , which are the mesh structure of our bones , because it 's important to understand and treat osteoporosis .
And when you 're describing their science , care with the jargon .
The jargon is a hurdle for our understanding of their ideas .
Sure , you can say , `` spatial and temporary '' , but why not say `` space and time , '' which is much more accessible to us ?
<unk> accessible is not the same as making them silly .
Instead , as Einstein said , that everything is as simple as possible , but not simple .
They can also communicate their science without engaging ideas .
One thing to consider is to use examples , stories and analogies , and they are ways of arrival and <unk> with their content .
And by presenting his job , forget about the signs of `` bullet '' signs .
Have you asked why what they call `` bullets '' ? What do bullets do ? bullets kill , and they will kill their presentation .
A <unk> like this is not only boring , but it 's supported too much in the area of the language of our brain and drives us .
Instead , this <unk> example of Brown Brown is much more effective -- it shows that the special structure of the <unk> is so strong that it really inspired the single design of the Eiffel Tower .
The trick here is to use a simple , legible , which the audience can understand if you lose a little bit , and then they provide graphics that would attract our other senses and believe a deeper sense of understanding what it is described .
I think these are just some key key things that you can help each other open the door and see the country of wonders that is science and engineering .
And so scientists and engineers , when you 've solved this equation , for all the media , <unk> with <unk> . Thank you .
One of my favorite words of the Oxford English OED is `` <unk> . ''
Just because it sounds very well .
And `` <unk> '' means `` politician . ''
Although there was a 21st-century publisher of the 19th century who defined it much better when he said , `` A <unk> is that he 's looking for a public charge , no matter party , or principle , and that , when he wins , he gets it by the mere use of a monumental <unk> <unk> . ''
I have no idea what it means `` <unk> . ''
Something to do with words , I guess .
It 's very important that words are the base in politics , and that all politicians know they have to try to dominate the language .
It was n't until , for example , that the British Parliament Parliament gave the exact words to quote the exact words they were told in the parliamentary chamber .
And all of this was because of the courage of a guy with the freaky name of <unk> <unk> , who faced Parliament .
She went into the Tower of London and was incarcerated , but he had enough courage to face them , and in the end he had a popular support in London I won .
And only a few years later , we had the first recorded use of the phrase , `` You know , <unk> it . ''
Most people think it 's literal .
It 's not . It 's for an advocate of freedom of speech .
But to show you how words and politics are interacting , I want you to go back to America , just after independence .
So , they had to address the question of how I call George Washington , his leader .
They did n't know .
How do you call the leader of a Republican country ?
This was <unk> in Congress for a long time .
They were introduced all kinds of suggestions that might have been introduced .
Some of them wanted to call him `` Chief of State Washington , '' and others , `` Your <unk> George Washington '' -- and the other `` <unk> of American People ' American People '' .
Not very attractive .
Some just wanted to call him `` King . ''
They thought it was tested .
And not even with that , they were <unk> , they had the idea that you could be elected King by a certain deadline .
And it might have served .
Everybody was going to get immensely immensely , because this debate was going on for three weeks .
He 's the day of a poor Senator , and I always wrote , `` still with this . ''
What caused the delay and the <unk> was the House of Representatives was against the Senate .
The House of Representatives did n't want Washington to be empowered .
They did n't want to call him King as if he gave him or his successor to ideas .
So , they wanted to give him the most modest , more humble , <unk> title that happened .
And that title was `` President . ''
President . They did n't invented the title . It already existed before , but it only meant `` somebody who was going to give up a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury .
And I did n't have much more <unk> than the term `` foreman '' or `` <unk> . ''
There were presidents who had <unk> small colonial presidents and government fractions , but it was really a trivial title .
And so the Senate would be made .
They said , `` It 's ridiculous , we ca n't call President . ''
`` This guy has to sign treaties and meet with foreign <unk> . ''
`` And who will take a very ridiculous and trivial title as President of America ? ''
And finally , after three weeks of debate , the Senate did not give .
We can learn three interesting things from all of this .
First of all , and this is my favorite , until I 've been able to figure out , the Senate has never appealed to President 's title .
President Barack Obama 's got lucky to go there , waiting for the Senate .
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary -- it 's possible to keep waiting for <unk> years .
But the third thing that we can learn , and this is the most important thing , and I want to leave you , is that the title of the President 's title does n't sound at all as modest today , right ?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear warheads , available to the world 's largest economy and a fleet of <unk> air vehicles and so on .
The reality and history have listed into the title of <unk> .
So he won the Senate .
They got their title of <unk> .
And also the other concern about the Senate , the appearance of uniqueness -- well , it was a singularity .
But you know how many nations have now president ?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has 5,000 nuclear warheads , etc .
So , at the end , the Senate won and the House of Representatives lost , because no one is going to feel humble when you tell them that they are now the President of the United States .
And I think that 's the great lesson that we can learn , and that I 'd like to leave you with .
The politicians try to choose and use words to shape and control reality , but really , it changes a lot more of the words that we could change reality .
Thank you very much .
I 'm 45 feet underground in a illegal mine in Ghana .
The air is loaded and dust and it 's hard to breathe .
I feel the touch of bodies in the dark , but I ca n't see much more .
I hear voices that speak , but , above all , that cacophony of <unk> male <unk> and rocks with primitive tools .
Like the others , I 'm wearing a cheap light lamp attached to the head with this elastic rubber , and I can barely distinguish the branches that hold the walls of that <unk> hole that drops hundreds of feet on the ground .
He took my hand , and I suddenly remember a miner that I met days before , who lost the control and dropped countless feet in that well .
While I talk to you today , these men are deep in that hole at risk their lives without paying a reward , and often dying .
I went home , and I went home , but they probably never will , because it 's prey to slavery .
In the last 28 years , I was documenting native cultures in more than 70 countries in six continents , and in 2009 , I had the great honor of being the only <unk> at the National Peace Summit .
Among all the amazing people that I met there , I met a <unk> of <unk> , an NGO that is involved in modern slavery .
We started talking about slavery and , really , I began to learn about slavery , because I knew that there was in the world , but not as a degree .
When we finished speaking , I felt really bad -- I was honestly embarrassed to ignore this atrocity of our days and I thought , if I do n't know , how many people do n't know ?
He made me a <unk> , and weeks later , I flew Los Angeles to meet the director of <unk> the <unk> and offer my help .
So my journey started my journey to modern slavery .
Interestingly , I 'd been in many of these sites .
Some , even , as my second home .
But this time , <unk> dirty rags .
A conservative calculation says that there are over 27 million people in the world .
It 's twice as much as displaced Africans during the entire deals with slaves .
150 years ago the cost of a farmer slave a farmer was about three times the annual wage of a U.S. worker .
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars today .
But today , you can optimize entire families for generations of $ 18 dollars .
Remarkably , slavery generates profits from over $ 13 billion dollars a year across the world .
Many have been fooled with false promises of good education and better work to then discover they 're forced to work without paying , under threat to violence and ca n't escape .
Today slavery operates in trade : goods produced by slaves are value , but those who produce them are disposable .
Now , slavery is almost everybody , and yet it 's illegal throughout the world .
In India and Nepal , I met the furnaces of bricks .
This odd and formidable show was like entering ancient Egypt or hell of Dante .
I was going to run in a temperature of 54 degrees C , men , women , children , in fact , whole families wrapped up on a heavy blanket of <unk> stack into their heads , until 18 at the time , and take them from the hot blast to trucks that are hundreds of meters .
<unk> <unk> and tiredness work in silence , doing this task over and over 16 hours a day .
There was no pause to eat , not to drink , and the severe <unk> made that pee was pretty inconsequential .
So <unk> were the heat and the powder that my camera became too hot to touch and stopped working .
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean up the team and make it work with air conditioning for <unk> and , sitting there , I thought , my camera gets a much better treatment than these people .
Back in the furnaces , I wanted to cry but the <unk> that I was on my side , and he grabbed me and said , `` Lisa , do n't do it . Do n't do it here . ''
And he explained very clearly that I demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this , not just for me but for them .
I could n't offer you directly .
I could n't give them money , nothing .
I was n't citizenship from that country .
I could put them into a situation worse than they were already .
I had to rely on <unk> the <unk> and working inside the system by its release and confident that he was doing it .
In terms of me , I waited to get home to feel my heart cracked .
In the Himalayas , I found kids dragging stones for miles through <unk> land to trucks that they expected down .
Those big things were heavier than the kids who were wearing , and the kids who hold her back to their head with straps and made out of sticks , strings and rags .
It 's hard to witness something so overwhelming .
How can we influence something so insidious and so ubiquitous ?
Some of them do n't even know that they 're slaves -- and they work 16 17 hours a day without compromising it , because this has been this whole life .
They have nothing to compare .
When these villagers were <unk> their freedom , the <unk> burned completely their homes .
When you hear the word slavery often , we think about sexual trafficking , and because of this global consciousness , they warned me that it would be hard for me to work with security in this particular business .
In Kathmandu , I was <unk> women who had previously been concerned about sex sex .
And I took myself out of a few stairs , which gave this dirty basement , sort of fluorescent light .
It was n't exactly a brothel .
It was rather a restaurant .
<unk> , as you know in the craft , they 're local for forced prostitution .
They have small rooms , private rooms , where the sex <unk> with their girls and children , some of them just seven years -- are forced to entertain customers and <unk> to buy more food and alcohol .
Each place is dark and dirty , identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a <unk> and a curtain .
The workers often suffer sexual abuse to their clients .
On the twilight zone , I remember making sense of a hot <unk> fear , and in that moment , I could barely imagine what 's going to be trapped in that hell .
I just had a way out , the stairs where I walked in .
There was no hind door .
There was no big big windows like climbing .
These people do n't have <unk> , and because we touch a topic that 's so difficult , it 's important to point out that slavery , even sexual trafficking , is happening around us .
There are hundreds of people farming in agriculture , in restaurants , in the domestic service and the list can continue .
Recently , the New York Times reported that between 100,000 people and 300,000 American children are sold every year as sex slaves .
It 's everywhere , but we do n't see it .
textiles is another activity that often associate with your labor labor .
I went to Indian villages in which whole families were working on the trade of silk .
This is a family portrait .
The black hands of black are the father , the blue <unk> and red , of their children .
<unk> <unk> in these big barrels and <unk> silk in the liquid up to the elbows , but it 's actually toxic .
My performer told me the stories .
`` We do n't have freedom , '' they said .
We still expect , yet , power out of this house one day and go to another place where we really pay us our work . ''
There 's been estimated that there are over 4,000 children joining in Lake Volta 's world , the largest <unk> in the world .
When we came up , I went to take a quick look .
I saw what seemed to be a fishermen 's family on a ship , two older brothers , some younger kids , make sense right ?
Wrong . They were all slaves .
Children are separated from their trafficked families , were missing and forced to work <unk> on the lake , despite not knowing swimming .
This child is eight years old .
When our boat came up , I was shivering ; it 's not about his little canoe .
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling into water .
The branches of the trees submerged in Lake Volta 's lake often catch networks and children , <unk> and fear , gets thrown into water to unleash the branches .
Many of them drown .
It 's always been forced to work in the lake .
For fear of his love , it 's not going to run away and , as the whole life has been treated by cruelty , <unk> is the younger slaves in their command .
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning , when they woke up the last few networks , but they 'd been working from one .
It 's in the cold , <unk> night .
And it will make point that these nets weigh over 400 kilos when they 're packed with fish .
I want to introduce you to Kofi .
Kofi was rescued in a fishermen village .
I met him in a shelter where the <unk> <unk> <unk> victims of slavery .
That 's the next thing .
Who will get to be because somebody decided to make a difference in your life ?
He ran through a road in Ghana with <unk> partners , a fellow <unk> with his motorcycle suddenly and <unk> our car and touched the window .
He asked us to take it through a land path to the forest .
At the end of the way , we were going to move out of the car , and he asked the driver to come out very quickly .
Then he pointed out this path just visible and said , `` This is the way , this is the way . Let 's go . ''
As we started to go down , we took the <unk> on the road , and after walking around an hour , what we found is that the path was <unk> by the recent rains , so I put the photos team on my head as I put it into the water to the chest .
After two hours of walking , the <unk> path ended abruptly in a clear , and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field , and they were all full of workers joining up .
Many women had children tied up to their backs and , as they were looking for gold , they walked in <unk> water .
The mercury is used in the process of extraction .
These miners are enslaved in a part of Ghana .
When they came out of the pump , they were on his own sweat .
I remember looking at his eyes tired , <unk> , because many had been underground for 72 hours .
The wells have to be 90 meters away , and these people have a heavy heavy bag of stone that they would then be transported to another area where they could get the gold out .
At the first view , the site seems to be filled with strong , <unk> men , but if you look closer at the margin , we see other lucky ones and also kids .
They 're all victims of injuries , disease and violence .
In fact , it 's very likely that this bully will end up like this victim of T.B . and from shores of mercury in a few years .
This is <unk> . When his father died his father took him to work with him in mines .
When he died his uncle , I <unk> <unk> the debt of the uncle who will be slave in mines .
When I met him , I 'd worked in the mines 14 years and the lesion of the leg that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine , so severe that doctors said it should be .
In addition to that , <unk> has tuberculosis , and yet , it 's forced to work night and day in that mine .
Even so , he dream of being liberated and educated with local activists like <unk> the <unk> , and it 's this kind of determination , of face to a remote possibility , which inspires me a lot of respect .
I want to throw light on slavery .
They knew that your images would be seen for you all over the world .
I wanted you to know that we knew that we 'd be able to witness to them and we will do everything that we can help change their lives .
I truly believe that if we can see each other as human beings , then it 's very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery .
These images are not about magazines . They are people , real people , like you and like me , who deserve the same rights , dignity and respect in their lives .
There is no day that I do n't think about these so many beautiful people , battered , I 've had the great honor of knowing .
I hope that these images show a force in which you see them , in people like you , and I hope that that force turn on a fire and that that fire <unk> light on slavery because , without that light , the beast of slavery can continue to live in the shadows .
Thank you very much .
I do math math , and there 's a peculiar problem for whom it does : we are like the management consultants .
Nobody knows what the hell we do .
So today , I 'm going to try to explain to you what I do .
The dance is one of the most human activities .
We 're going to give the <unk> <unk> and the dancers of <unk> that we 'll see later .
But the ballet demand for an extraordinary training of training , a high level of dexterity , and probably some initial fitness that well can have a genetic component .
Unfortunately , neurological disorders like Parkinson 's disease destroy the extraordinary ability , as it does with my friend Jan <unk> that , in his time , was a <unk> dancer .
In the last few years , it has made a lot of progress on treatment .
However , there are <unk> millions of people in the world who are sick , and they have to deal with an incurable failure , tremor , stiffness and other symptoms of this disease , so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it is too late .
We need to be able to measure progress in an objective way , and ultimately the only way we will know whether we really have a cure to be when we have an objective measure and <unk> .
But it 's frustrating that for Parkinson 's and other disorders of the movement there are no biological markers , so they do n't serve the blood analysis and the best thing we have is an neurological exam for 20 minutes .
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It 's very , very expensive , and that means , outside the clinical trials , they never do . It has never done .
And what if patients could do it at home ?
That would save a trip to the clinic . What if patients could do the exam themselves ?
You would n't need a staff .
By the way , it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic .
So what I want to do with you as a conventional <unk> way to try , you see , in some sense at least , we 're all <unk> as my friend Jan <unk> .
This is a video of the vibration of vocal chords .
It shows someone healthy while it emits sound when it emits sounds , we can imagine as dancers of a vocal ballet because we have to coordinate all these vocal organs to produce sounds and all of us have the genes necessary . The <unk> , for example .
And , like ballet , it requires an extraordinary training level .
Let 's think the time it takes a child to learn to speak .
From sound , we can trace the position of the vocal chords as they vibrate , and just like Parkinson 's affects the limbs , it also affects the vocal organs .
At the bottom of the bottom , you can see a <unk> example of the vocal chords .
We see the same symptoms .
<unk> , weakness and stiffness .
The speech becomes more quiet and <unk> after a while , and this is an example of the symptoms .
How do you compare these exams based on the voice with specialized clinical trials ? Well , they 're both <unk> .
The neurologic test is not invasive . They both use existing infrastructure .
You do n't need to design a whole series of hospitals to make them .
They 're both accurate . Well , but also <unk> tests are not specialized .
I mean , they can be <unk> .
They do very quickly , they take about 30 seconds a lot .
It 's minimum cost , and we all know what happens .
When something takes up enough cost : it 's at a massive scale .
These are some incredible goals to address .
We can reduce our patients ' difficulties .
You would n't need to go to the clinic for <unk> routine .
With high monitoring , we could get targets .
We could do <unk> massive recruitment for clinical trials , and for the first time , <unk> doable on a general scale .
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomarkers of the disease before it 's too late .
That 's why I 'm going to give the first steps in that sense , we 're launching the Parkinson 's surveillance Initiative .
Together and <unk> , we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and begin to address these goals .
We have local lines for 750 million people in the world .
Anyone , with no Parkinson 's , can call it at low price and leave a few cents , and I 'm pleased to announce that we 've reached six percent of the goal in just eight hours .
Thank you . Tom Rielly : So Max , taking all these samples of , say , 10,000 people , can you say who 's healthy and who does n't ?
What will these samples come from ?
Max Little : Yes , yeah . What 's happening is that during the call you have to indicate if you have no disease . TR : Sure .
<unk> : You see , some people may not have it . You may not get it out .
But we 're going to get a very big sample of data in different circumstances , and doing it in different circumstances , it 's important because we 're looking at <unk> the confusion factors of the disease .
TR : You have 86 percent accuracy right now ?
<unk> : much more than that .
Actually , my graduate student , I have to <unk> , has done a fantastic job , and now it has shown that it works on mobile telephony network as well , what we 're going to do is this project . Now we have 99 percent precision .
TR : Ninety and nine . Well , it 's an improvement .
<unk> : Absolutely .
TR : Thank you very much . Max Little , public .
<unk> : Thank you , Tom .
Before March , 2011 , he made <unk> <unk> in New York City .
We are <unk> creatures .
We 're moving into the darkness , in rooms with no windows and usually we avoid sunlight .
We do the thin thin models , the perfect skin , even more perfect , we can do the impossible , and we 're in the press all the time , but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a real taste of true experience and photography .
On March 11 , 2011 , I saw from my house , like the rest of the world , the tragic events that happen in Japan .
A short time later , an organization where he was voluntary , <unk> <unk> , was in the place working as part of the answer team .
I , along with hundreds of other volunteers we knew we could n't stay sitting at home , so I decided to join the group for three weeks .
On May 13 , I traveled to <unk> .
It 's a little fishing town in the <unk> of <unk> <unk> , one of the first people affected by the wave .
The level of water had reached over 24 feet tall and over three miles on land .
As you can imagine , the village was devastated .
We got rubble from the channels and the ditches .
<unk> schools . We took off the mud , and we leave the lists of ready to be new and <unk> .
We took up tons and tons of dead fish , kind of <unk> yards from the local factory .
We were going to love them and we loved it .
For weeks , both volunteers and neighbors found things similar .
They found photos and photos and photos and photos and cards and <unk> cards .
They all did the same thing .
<unk> and bring them to different places in the villages around them to make them .
It was n't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered .
While they were fleeing the wave , and to save their lives , they had to leave all of all they had .
At the end of my first week , I started to help in a <unk> center of the village .
It helped clean toilets , big , gigantic <unk> .
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the center of order can pick up the photos .
They were there , and I had the honor that that day <unk> in me to clean up the photos .
This was exciting and inspiring , I had heard expression thinking beyond the horizons , but it was n't until beyond myself , my horizons that something happened .
When I looked at the photos , I found some that had more than a hundred years , some of them were still in the lab , I could n't avoid thinking about how to fix that <unk> and repair that <unk> , and I knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing .
So that night I walked into Facebook contacted some of them , and the next morning the answer was so overwhelming and positive , that I knew we had to try .
So we began to tinker with the photos .
This was the first of all .
It was n't too <unk> , but where the water had <unk> the face of the girl had to get <unk> very accurately , and it 's carefully .
Otherwise , that little girl would not have the aspect of it , and that would be as tragic as having the <unk> photo .
Over the time , they arrived by lucky more pictures , and it took more <unk> , so I went into Facebook and LinkedIn and five days later 80 people from 12 countries volunteered to help .
In about two weeks , I had 150 people who were getting together .
In Japan , in July , we mobilize ourselves to <unk> , a neighboring neighboring <unk> .
Once on a week , we used our scanner in libraries of temporary photographic libraries that had set up , where people would reclaim their photos .
The time it took it in <unk> is a different story , it depended on of course the photos .
It could mean an hour . It could take weeks .
It could make months .
This <unk> had to draw virtually by hand using the areas whose color and detail was n't destroyed .
It took a long time .
The water destroyed all these pictures submerged in salt water , covered by bacteria , with algae , even with oil , all of that together with the pace of time I continue to <unk> , so <unk> it was an important part of the project .
We could n't tweak the photo unless it was clean , dry , and it would have been <unk> for his owner .
We were lucky to hand .
We have the guide of a remarkable worker .
It 's very easy to harm even more photos even more .
As a time once said , the leader of my group is like making a tattoo .
You ca n't make mistakes .
The woman who brought us these pictures were lucky enough to get the photos .
He had begun to <unk> her , but he stopped realizing it would even more .
He had <unk> .
Without them , the images of her husband and his own face would n't reconstruct , we could rebuild the images in a single photo and to tinker the full picture .
When I picked up his pictures shared something from his story with us .
Some colleagues in her husband found the photos in a fire station between the rubble that I used to be a far away from where he used to be his house , but his colleagues <unk> him .
The day of the tsunami , her husband was the experimenter to close the barriers to the wave .
It had to go inside the water as the Sirens sounded .
Their little kids , not so small now , but their two kids were in school , in different schools .
One of them was caught in the water .
It took her one week to find his whole family and know that everybody had survived .
The day I gave him his pictures his child was 14 years old .
For her , despite all of this , those pictures were the best gift I could do , something that he could do , something that he could go back to look , something that I could remember from the past that would n't have been beaten by that March day when everything in his life changed or was destroyed .
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined there , hundreds of them had helped us to clean up with more than 135,000 , the vast majority of them <unk> their owners ' hands .
More than 500 volunteers all over the world helped us to give back to 90 families and completely remixable and <unk> .
Over this time , we do n't really spend over $ 1,000 in teams and materials , most of them in ink ink .
We took pictures all the time .
A picture is a memory of someone or something , a place , a relationship , someone dear .
They 're <unk> from our memories and stories , the last thing that we would take , but the first thing we would go through .
And this was about this project , to restore small pieces of humanity , to bring someone their connection to the past .
When a picture like this gets back to somebody , it 's a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it .
This project also made a huge difference in the life of <unk> .
Some of them get connected to something bigger , I 'll give you something , using their talent for something that are n't thin models of perfect skin .
Now , I 'd like to read this email . He sent him Cindy the day I came back from Japan after six months .
While <unk> , I could n't avoid thinking about people and the stories shown in the images .
One in particular , a photo with women of different ages from the grandmother to the small girl , gathered around a baby , I was moved to a baby , because a similar picture of my family my grandmother , my mother , me and my newborn daughter hangs on our wall .
In the whole world , all the few our basic needs are the same , right ?
Thank you .
Doc <unk> inspired us wonder and curiosity with this photo of a bullet that goes through an apple in a single one of a billionth of a second .
But now , 50 years later , we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion , but a trillion frames per second .
I give you a new kind of photograph : <unk> -- a new technical technique that can create video in slow motion of light on motion .
And with that , we can create cameras that you can see after the corners , beyond the line of vision , or see the interior of the body without using X-rays , and really challenging the idea of camera .
If I take a laser pointer and I switch on it and put it on it in a <unk> and it 's , in various <unk> , creating a <unk> 's set of a millimeter wide .
And that package of photons , that bullet , travel to the speed of light , and , again , a million times faster than a common bullet .
If we take that bullet and this package of photons and fire in this bottle , how do you disperse those photons into this bottle ?
What 's the aspect of the light in slow motion ?
Now , all of this -- remember that all this happens in less than a <unk> , is what takes you to travel the light .
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see the light moving .
Now , Coca-Cola did n't take this research . They are a lot of things in this film ; we 're going to show this information to show what 's going on .
The pulse , our bullet , come into the bottle with a <unk> package that starts to go through <unk> and that , inside , it starts <unk> .
Part of the light stops , it goes to the table , and we started to see these ripples .
Many of the photons finally come to the lid and then explode in various directions .
As you can see , there 's a air bubble that 's bouncing inside .
In that time , the waves travel through the table , and because of the insights on the top , you see in the bottom of the bottle , after several frames , the insights to concentrate .
Now , if we take a common and ordinary <unk> and make it run the same distance , and we see it in slow motion at about 10 billion times , how much you think would lead us to sit down that movie ?
One day ? A week ? Actually , a whole year .
It would be a very boring film from a slow bullet .
So what about testing with dead nature ?
You can see the waves that go out of the table , the tomato and the bottom wall .
It 's like throwing a stone on a pond .
It 's the way nature paints a picture , I thought , from a <unk> at once , but of course our eyes see an integral composition .
But if you look at this tomato , you 'll notice that , as the light takes over the tomato , still bright . It 's not <unk> .
Why ? Because tomato is mature and light bounces inside it , and he goes back after various <unk> .
In the future , when this <unk> is in your mobile phone , they 're going to be able to go to the supermarket and verify if the fruit is grown without having to touch it .
Why do we create this camera at MIT ?
As photographers , you know , if we take a picture of low exposure , it gets very little light .
But we 're going to go to a billion times faster than the shortest exposure , so I 'll just get into some light .
We sent that bullet , that set of photons , millions of times , and we recorded again and again with very , very cleverly , we took those gigabytes of data and the <unk> <unk> to create those <unk> that I showed you .
We can take all of these raw data and make it interesting .
Superman can fly .
Other heroes can become invisible .
And if a new power of a future , would allow him to see behind the corners ?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door , and you 're going to go into the room , one part is going to reflect on the door , and from there to the camera .
And we could extract those multiple light bounces .
It 's not science fiction . We 've already built it .
On the left , it 's our <unk> .
Behind the wall is a dummy and <unk> light on the door .
After the publication of our article in Nature 's article in Nature .
And a small fraction of the photons will go back to the camera , but interestingly , at slightly different times .
And as we have a camera that works like that fast , our <unk> , has unique capacities .
It 's got very good time resolution , and it can look at the world at the speed of light .
So we know the distances up to the door and also to the hidden objects , but we do n't know what dot corresponds to how far .
By projecting a laser , you can record a picture of gross , which , you see on the screen , it does n't really make any sense .
But we will take a lot of images like this , dozens of images , we 're going to pick them up and we 're going to try and analyze the multiple <unk> of light , and with that , we can see the hidden object ?
Can we see it in 3D ?
This is our rebuilding .
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab , but in the future , we could create cars that could avoid collisions with what 's around the curve .
Or we could search for dangerous conditions by looking at the reflected light by open windows .
Or we could build <unk> , and you could see the inside of the body through <unk> , and the same thing for <unk> .
But of course , because of the tissue and the blood of this is quite difficult , so this is actually a request for scientists to start thinking about <unk> as a new modality of visualization to solving the problems of imaging on the next generation .
So as Doc <unk> , he himself a scientist , it became art in art , an art of photography .
I realized that all the gigabytes of data that we collected every time are not just for scientific visualizations , but we can see that we can be able to see scientific views .
So create a new form of computing photography and color code .
And let 's look at those waves . Remember , the time between each one of those waves is from just a second .
But here 's also something fun here .
If we look at the waves under the top , you 're taking place out of us .
The waves should move towards us .
What happens here ?
It turns out , as we 're recording almost at the speed of light , we have strange effects , and Einstein would have loved to see this image .
The order that events occur in the world sometimes has invested in the camera .
<unk> the corresponding warping of space and time , we can correct this distortion .
It 's already time . Thank you .
Hello . This is my mobile phone .
A mobile phone can change life , and it gives you individual freedom .
With a mobile phone , it can make a crime against humanity in Syria .
With a mobile phone , you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt .
With a mobile phone , you can record a song , put it into <unk> and get famous .
This is all possible with a mobile phone .
I 'm a <unk> of 1984 and alive in the city of Berlin .
Let 's go back to that time .
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were protesting in pursuit of a change .
This is the fall of 1989 . Imagine if all of these people gathered together to look for a change , they had a mobile phone in your pocket .
Who of them have a cell phone here ?
<unk> .
Hands up your mobile phone .
<unk> . A Android , a Blackberry , wow !
It 's a lot . Almost everybody today has a mobile phone .
But today , I think today , my mobile phone , and how I changed life .
I 'm going to talk about this .
These are 35 <unk> of information .
<unk> data .
Why is that information there ?
Because in the summer of 2006 , the E.U . filed a directive .
The <unk> of data .
This directive says that every European phone company , every single Internet provider , has to store a wide range of information data from users .
Who calls whom , who sends an email to whom .
Who sends him a text to whom .
And if we use your cell phone , where we are .
All of this information is stored for at least six months , and even two years , in their phone company or your Internet provider .
And all of Europe stood up and said , `` We do n't want this . ''
They said they did n't want this data retention .
We want self-determination in the digital age , and we do n't want the phone phone and the Internet providers to store all this information about us .
There was lawyers , journalists , priests , everyone said , `` We do n't want this . ''
And here you can see about 10,000 people who went out to the streets of Berlin , and they said , `` Freedom , not fear . ''
And some even said that this would be <unk> 2.0 .
The <unk> was the secret police of East Germany .
And I also wondered if this works really .
Can you store all this information about us ?
Any time I use your cell phone ?
So I asked my phone , <unk> <unk> , who at that time was the largest phone company in Germany , which I please get all the information you had about me .
I asked them once , and I went back to ask , and I did n't get a concrete response . It was all blah blah .
But then I said , `` I want to have this information , because you 're having this information .
So I decided to do it for a lawsuit that I wanted to have this information .
But <unk> <unk> said no , we will not give you this information .
In the end , we signed an agreement .
We demand demand , and they sent me the information that I asked .
Meanwhile , the German <unk> Court failed <unk> for the German law of the E.U .
So I got this ugly over brown with a CD inside .
And in the CD , there was this .
Thirty and 5,000 lines of information .
At first I saw it , and I said , well , it 's a huge archive . OK .
But after a while , I realized that it 's my life .
There are six months of my life in this archive .
It was a bit skeptical : what should I do with that ?
Because you can see where I am , where I 'm at night , what I 'm doing .
But then I said , I want this information to go out .
I want to make it public .
Because I want to show people what is the retention of data .
So , next to <unk> Online and Open Data City , we did this .
This is a visualization for six months of my life .
You can zoom in and get away , go backwards and go forward .
You can see every step I give .
And you can see how I 'm going from <unk> to Cologne , and how often I call it on the journey .
This is all possible with this information .
That 's a bit of fear .
But it 's not just about me .
It 's all of us .
First , there 's things like , I call my wife and she calls me , we talk a couple of times .
Then they call me some friends and they call it among them .
And then you call the other one , and the other one , and we end up with this big communications network .
You can see how your people communicate with each other to what time they call each other , what time time they sleep .
You can see this all .
You can see the centers , the leaders of the group .
If you have access to this information , you can see what society is doing .
If you have access to this information , you can control your society .
This is a model for countries like China and Iran .
This is a model to study the shape of your society , because you know who speaks to who you call an email to who , all of this is possible if you have access to this information .
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe , and even two years .
As I said at the beginning , imagine if all these people in the streets of 1989 , in the fall of 1989 , they had a mobile phone in your pocket .
And the <unk> would have known who participated in this protest , and if he had known people who were the leaders , it would never have happened .
The fall of the Berlin Wall might never have happened .
And then , as a result , not the fall of the Iron <unk> .
Because today , state agencies and companies want to store so much information from us as possible inside and outside of the web .
They want to have the ability to follow our lives and they want to fight forever .
But self-determination and living in the digital age is not a contradiction .
But today , you have to fight for self-determination .
You have to fight for that every day .
When I go back home , tell their friends , that privacy is a 21st-century value , and it 's not last fashion .
When you go home , tell them their representative , tell your representative , that just because business agencies can store some information , do n't have to do it .
And if you do n't believe me , ask their phone company , what information they store from you .
So in the future , every time you use their mobile phones that will turn them to remember that they have to fight for self-determination in the digital age .
Thank you .
Hi TEDWomen , what happens ?
It 's not enough .
Hi TEDWomen , what happens ?
I call myself <unk> <unk> and I 'm not <unk> , but I know the doctor that brought me the world .
I went to my mom six times in six different directions , including the poor of me in the process .
As a result , I have cerebral palsy , which is why I would spend all the time .
Look .
It 's tiring . I 'm like a mixture of <unk> .
And Muhammad <unk> .
<unk> C. It 's not genetics .
It 's not <unk> .
No one would have the uterus of my mother and not <unk> because my parents were cousins , even though they are .
It only happens by accidents , like the one that happened to me at birth .
Now I warn you , I 'm not a source of inspiration .
I feel bad for me , because at some point in life , they want to be disabled .
Come on for a walk .
Christmas Christmas , they 're in the mall , drive in circles in search of parking lot and what do you see ?
16 living places .
And you think , `` God , I can be at least a little bit disabled ? ''
Also , I tell you , I 've got 99 problems , and Captain C. It 's just one of them .
From being a <unk> of oppression , I would win the gold medal .
I 'm Palestinian , Muslim , woman , disabled and alive in New Jersey .
If you do n't feel better , you might have to do it .
I 'm from Park <unk> , in New Jersey .
I always loved my neighborhood , and my illness had the same early days .
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York , I could .
Many people with cerebral palsy , they do n't walk , but my parents do n't believe in the `` you ca n't . ''
The mantra of my father was , `` You can go dancing . ''
If my three elderly sisters , I was wiped out .
If my three older sisters were going to public school , my parents were attending to the school system , and they would argue that I was also , and if we did n't take all the top note , all of my mother 's <unk> .
My father taught me how to walk in the age of five , putting my heel on his feet and just walking .
And another tactic that I used was hanging out a dollar in front of me so that he was <unk> .
The <unk> I carry inside it was very strong and ...
Yeah . The first day in kindergarten was walking as a boxing champion who had received many taps .
Growing up , there were only six Arabs in my city and were all of the family .
Now there are 20 Arabs , and they continue to be all of the family . I think nobody realized that we were n't Italian .
This was before 9/11 , and that politicians would think appropriate to use `` hate Muslims '' as a campaign slogan .
The people that I grew up with did n't have problems with my faith .
But nevertheless , it seemed to be a lot of <unk> from starvation during the <unk> .
I was telling them that I had enough fat to live three months without eating , so fast at dawn at sunset is very easy .
danced did run on Broadway .
Yeah , on Broadway . It 's crazy . My parents could n't afford physical therapy , so I was sent to dance school .
I learned to dance to dance , or I can walk in heels .
I 'm in New Jersey , and there we want to be <unk> , so if my friends were used heels , I also .
And when my friends were going to go through summer vacation on the Jersey coast , I was n't going .
I spent my summers in a war zone , because my parents were afraid if we do n't go back to Palestine all the summers , we become in Madonna .
In summer vacation often my father was about <unk> , so I would drink <unk> milk , I was getting warm cups on my back , <unk> me in the Dead Sea , and I remember the water burning down my eyes and thought , `` It works , it works . ''
But the silver cure was yoga .
I have to say it 's too boring , but before I do yoga , it was a comedian comedian that could n't stand up in a <unk> .
And now I can <unk> in my head .
My parents were going to come up with this idea that I could do anything , that no dream was impossible , and my dream was to be in America 's General Hospital .
I went to college through positive discrimination and I got a fellowship for the <unk> , University of the state of Arizona , because it came in all the <unk> .
It was like <unk> house in the theater department .
Everybody loved me .
I did all of the least smart tasks , I took the note at my classes , and also in his classes .
Every time I made a scene from the glass zoo my cried party .
But I never got a piece of paper .
Finally , in my last year , the <unk> decided to make a work called a very slow dance in Jackson .
It 's a work of a girl with cerebral palsy .
I was a girl with cerebral palsy .
So I started screaming at the four winds , `` Well , I 'll end a piece of paper !
I have cerebral palsy !
At the end of the free , the end !
Thank God , I 'm just free ! ''
I did n't get the paper . They gave him to <unk> Brown .
I went to <unk> the head of the theater department , crying historically , as if somebody had killed my cat , to ask him why , and she told me that they thought I could n't do the stunt stunts .
And I said , `` Excuse me , if I ca n't do the stunt stunts , you ca n't do the character . ''
It was a paper that I literally had been born and gave an actress without cerebral palsy .
College was imitating my life .
Hollywood has a <unk> story of <unk> actors with no disabled paperwork .
When I was to graduate , I went home , and my first tour tour was an extra thing in a opera .
My dream was actually made .
And I knew that he would be <unk> from `` roommate '' to `` Best friend '' in a <unk> .
Instead , I stayed there like a vase , and I did n't see myself more than the head of the head , and it was clear to me that the allocation directors are not <unk> actresses , not white , with disability .
Just let people go to perfect people .
But there were exceptions to the rule .
I grew up watching <unk> Goldberg , Roseanne , Ellen , and all these women had one thing in common : were comedians .
So I became <unk> .
On my first tour , I took celebrity comics from New York to New Jersey , and I will never forget the face of the first comedy that took when she fell on the head of New Jersey , with a driver who had cerebral palsy .
I worked in clubs across the United States , and also in Arabic in the Middle East , without censorship and homeless .
Some people say I 'm the first <unk> of the Arab world .
I never like to reclaim the first place , but I know that you 've never heard that little <unk> , which says that women are not fun , and they 're very fun .
In 2003 , my other mother 's brother and father , Dean <unk> , and I launched the New York City Festival from New York City , now in his <unk> year .
Our goal was to change the negative image of the <unk> in the media , and at the time I remind you to <unk> <unk> , which <unk> and Arabic are not synonymous .
<unk> to Arabs was much easier to fight the challenge of the stigma stigma .
My big opportunity came in 2010 .
I was like invited to the news program by cable 's back with Keith <unk> .
I walked into a graduation dance , dragged me to a study and sat on a wheelchair .
I looked at the principal and I said , `` Excuse me , can you get another chair ? ''
She looked at me and said , `` Five , four , three , two . ''
And we were live !
So I held on my presenter desk to not get out of the screen over the screen , and when I finished the interview , I was pale .
I finally had my opportunity and <unk> . I knew they would n't go back to me .
But not only Mr. <unk> came back to me , but I stayed as a full-time participant and hit my chair .
Something fun that I learned directly with Keith <unk> was that people on the Internet are scum .
The kids are cruel , but they never made fun of me or a child .
Suddenly , my disability on the Internet was made of ridicule .
I saw clips online with comments like , `` Why <unk> ? ''
`` Is it <unk> ? ''
And my favorite , `` Poor <unk> terrorist .
What disease has ?
We should really pray for her . ''
One reviewer suggested , even that I would add my disability to my rsum : writer , a comedian , paralyzed .
disability is as visual as race .
If someone in a wheelchair ca n't do <unk> , then you ca n't make somebody else in a wheelchair .
The disabled are the -- yeah , clap , man . Go .
The disabled are the largest minority of the world , and the <unk> in the world of entertainment .
Doctors said not to walk , but I 'm here in front of you .
However , having grown up with media , I do n't think I was .
I hope that together we could create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life .
Maybe if there were more positive images , that would be less hatred on the Internet .
Or maybe not .
Maybe we even need the whole society to teach our kids well .
Now , I 've led me to a very spectacular entry .
I came to <unk> the red carpet <unk> by the flame Susan <unk> and the <unk> <unk> .
I got to act on a film with Adam <unk> and working with my idol , the amazing Dave Matthews .
<unk> the world `` Arabs have gone crazy . ''
I was <unk> in representation of the great state of New Jersey in the <unk> of 2008 .
And I founded `` The Children in <unk> , '' a charity charity , to give the children refugee refugees a tiny bit of what my parents gave me .
It was the only time my father saw me live , and I 'm doing this talk to his memory .
Be in peace , Dad .
I call myself <unk> <unk> , and if I can , you can .
I 'd like to tell you a story about a child of a small village .
I do n't know her name , but I know his story .
It lives in a small village in the South <unk> .
This village is close to <unk> .
<unk> drives the small people to poverty and on the edge of starvation .
Without nothing for him there , he goes to the big city , in this case , <unk> , the capital of Somalia .
When it comes there , there 's no opportunity , there 's no job , no perspectives .
He just living in a tent in the city outside <unk> .
After maybe one year , nothing .
One day you 've got a bit about a man who offers him to lunch , after dinner , to breakfast .
He knows a dynamic group of people , who gives a break .
It gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes , money to send home , your family .
They presented to a young man .
They finally got home .
It starts a new life .
It has a life goal .
A beautiful day in <unk> , under a blue sky , bursts out a bomb car .
That child from that small village with dreams of the great city was the suicide bomber , and that dynamic group of people were at <unk> , a connected terrorist organization with al Qaeda .
So how do the story of a young child , trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end with him <unk> ?
He was waiting for me .
I was waiting for a chance , waiting for her future , waiting for a future perspective , and this was the first thing he got .
This was the first thing that he pulled out of what we call the `` wait period . ''
And his story is repeated in urban centers around the world .
It 's the history of the marginalized , young urban urban men who <unk> riots in Johannesburg , <unk> riots , who are looking for something beyond the <unk> period .
For young people , the promise of the city , the great dream of the city is the opportunity , of jobs , of well-being , but young people do n't participate in the prosperity of their cities .
It 's often the youth who suffers from the highest unemployment of unemployment .
By 2030 , three from five people living in cities are under 18 years .
If we do n't include young people in the growth of our cities , if we do n't provide opportunity , the history of the waiting period , the door of access to terrorism , to violence , to gangs , will be the history of cities 2.0 .
And in my hometown of birth , <unk> , 70 percent of young people are unemployed .
70 percent does n't work , do n't go to school .
They 're not nearly anything .
I went back last month , and I went to visit <unk> Hospital , the hospital where I was born .
I remember being in front of that hospital , thinking , `` What if I would never have gone ? ''
What if I would have seen it forced to be on that same `` wait period '' ?
Would I become a terrorist ?
I 'm not really sure the answer .
The reason I was in <unk> that month was actually to harbor some juvenile leaders in a corporate peak .
He went to a few 90 <unk> leaders .
We sat down and we had brainstorming on the solutions to the big challenges facing the city .
One of the young people in the room was <unk> .
He went to the University of <unk> , graduated .
There was no job , no opportunity .
I remember when he told me , because he was a graduate university , unemployed , frustrated , was the perfect white target for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations , to be recruited .
They were looking for people like him .
But this story takes a different path .
In <unk> , the biggest obstacle to come from point A to B is the streets .
<unk> years of civil war have completely destroyed the road system , and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize .
<unk> saw a chance and I went down .
He started a motorcycles company .
He started <unk> motorcycles to local residents who normally could n't afford them .
I bought 10 motorbikes , with the help of his family and friends , and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of motorcycles over the next three years .
Why is this story different ?
What does this story different ?
I think its ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity .
It 's the corporate spirit , and I think that the corporate spirit can be the most powerful tool against the <unk> .
They were bringing young people to be the creators of economic opportunities that are looking so desperately .
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs .
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings , Mohamed <unk> , a florist .
I was helping to train some of the young people at the summit of entrepreneurship and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of entrepreneurship .
In fact , it 's the first florist that <unk> has seen in more than 22 years ago , and until recently , until Mohamed arrived , if you wanted to flowers for your wedding , <unk> were from plastic from the foreign .
If I read somebody , `` When was the last time you dress up flowers ? ''
For those who grew up during the civil war , the answer would be , `` Never . ''
So , Mohamed saw an opportunity .
He started a <unk> company and floral design company .
I created a farm outside of <unk> , and he started growing <unk> and <unk> , who said , he could survive the hard climate of <unk> .
And he started the delivery of flowers for wedding , creating gardens in the houses , and the city companies , and now he 's working on the creation of the world 's first <unk> park in 22 years .
There 's no public parks in <unk> .
It wants to create a space where families , young people , can go together , and , like he says , sniff <unk> <unk> .
By the way , he does n't grow pink because they use a lot of water .
So , the first step is to inspire young people , and in that room , the presence of Mohamed had a really profound impact on young people .
They had never thought about starting a business starting .
They had thought of working for an NGO , work for the government , but his story , their innovation , actually had a strong impact on them .
He forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity .
He encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs , that could be <unk> of change .
By the end of the day , they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city .
They set business solutions for local problems .
So , I inspire young people and create a culture of business spirit is really a big step , but young people need capital to make their ideas true .
They need expertise and guidance to guide them in development and put their businesses out .
They bring young people with the resources that they need , <unk> the support that they need to move from conception to creation , and are going to be <unk> for urban growth .
For me , the business spirit is something more than starting a business .
It 's creating a social impact .
Mohamed is not simply selling flowers .
I think it 's selling hope .
Her Peace Park , this is how it calls it , when it 's created , transform the way people see their city .
He was hired to hire the street from the street to help to rent and keep motorbikes for him .
They gave them the opportunity to escape from the <unk> paralysis .
These young entrepreneurs are having tremendous impact on their cities .
So my suggestion is to become young people in entrepreneurs , <unk> and eat their inherent innovation , and they have more stories about flowers and <unk> of Peace than <unk> and <unk> <unk> .
Thank you .
I was about 10 years old , and I went camping with my dad in the <unk> mountains , a <unk> area north of New York City .
It was a beautiful day .
The forest <unk> .
The sun was making the leaves <unk> as a <unk> , and that 's not because of the way we were still , we could almost pretend that we were the first human beings to step on that land .
We got to our camp .
It was a shed in a <unk> with a beautiful lake filled when I discovered something horrible .
Behind the shed , there was just a dump , from about four square meters with rotten hearts , <unk> balls of aluminum balls , and old footwear .
And I was stunned , I was very angry and incredibly confused .
<unk> that were too lazy to take out what they had brought , who they thought he was going to clean up their trash ?
That question followed with me , and it made a <unk> .
Who cleans our trash ?
Do n't it matter how to organize or where we 're talking about `` our '' and who cleans our garbage in Istanbul ?
Who cleans our trash in Rio or in Paris or in London ?
Here in New York , the Department of <unk> cleans our trash , for 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day .
I wanted to know that as individuals .
I wanted to understand who does that work .
What do you feel to use your uniform and take that load ?
So I started a research project with them .
I traveled on the trucks and walked through the routes and interviewed people in offices and interviewed people in the city , and I learned a lot , but it was still a <unk> .
I needed to go more .
So I started working as a garbage garbage .
Now I 'm not just traveling in the trucks . I did them .
And it operated the mechanical mechanics and bar bar .
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning .
Everybody asks about smell .
It 's there , but it 's not as prevailing as you believe , and in the days that it 's very strong you get used to quickly .
It costs a lot to get used to weight .
I met people who had worked on it for several years , and their bodies were still pushing the weight of getting over their body tons of trash every week .
It 's also the danger .
According to the Bureau of Land Statistics , the collection collection is one of the ten most dangerous <unk> in the country , and I learned the reason .
You 're coming out and go into traffic all day , and they pass around around you .
They just want to <unk> , so in general the driver is not paying attention .
That 's really bad for the worker .
And also the trash itself is full of dangers that often fall out of the truck and cause terrible damage .
I also learned about the relentless of trash .
When you go out of the <unk> and you see a city from the back of the truck , you get to understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself .
It never stops coming .
It 's also like a breathing form or circulation .
It should always be in motion .
And it 's also the stigma .
I think stigma is particularly ironic , because I think strongly that waste waste is the most important hand hand in the streets of the city , for three reasons .
They 're the first protective health license .
If you do n't get rid of the waste in efficient and effective and effective every day , this starts to <unk> their containers and their dangers inherent to us in very real ways .
We had been controlled for decades and centuries , and they start <unk> .
The economy needs them .
If we ca n't get rid of the old thing , we do n't have a space for what the engines of the economy begin to fail when it 's in danger .
I 'm not advocating for capitalism , I just point your relationship .
And then it 's what I call our average daily speed necessary .
I mean , I mean simply at the speed of how they used to move on the time .
We usually do n't care about whether we do n't even care about , or we do n't know , or we get our cup of coffee , our bag of the <unk> , our water bottle .
We use them , we threw them , we forget about them , because we know that there 's a job force on the other side that it was required to do .
So today , I want to suggest to you a couple of ways of thinking about the waste collection that maybe help reduce the stigma and <unk> in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city .
Their work , I think , is almost <unk> .
They 're in the street every day , <unk> .
They use a uniform in many cities .
You know when it <unk> .
And their work allows us to do our work .
It 's almost a sense of relief .
The flow that keep us except for ourselves , of our own waste , our own waste , our hearts , and that flow should always stay in one way or another .
On one day after 9/11 , 2001 , I heard a bunch of a waste collection truck on the street , he grabbed my little son , and I went down the stairs running down , and there was a man doing his <unk> <unk> path as he did .
And I tried to thank her to do his work that particular day , but I began to cry .
And he looked at me and just nodded , and he said , `` We 're going to be fine .
We 're going to be good . ''
Shortly after that , I began to investigate waste collection and I went back to that man .
It 's called <unk> , and we worked together many times , and we made good friends .
I want to believe that he was right .
We 're going to be fine .
But in our efforts by reconstructing the way we exist on this planet as a species we have to include and to account all the costs , even the very real human cost of labor .
The municipal waste , what we think when we 're talking about trash , they represent three percent of the nation 's waste .
It 's a remarkable statistic .
So in the flow of your day and their lives , the next you see somebody whose job is to clean the trash of you , take a moment to recognize them .
Take a moment to tell you thank you .
My work focuses on the connection to think about our community , being part of the environment where architecture comes naturally from the conditions and local traditions .
Today I brought two recent projects like this .
Both projects are located in emerging countries , one in Ethiopia and the other one in Tunisia .
They also share the fact that the different analytics from different perspectives become an essential part of the end of architecture .
The first example began with an invitation to design a mall in the capital of Ethiopia , Addis Ababa .
This is the type of construction that showed us as an example , to my team and me , about what we had to design .
At first , the first thing I thought was , `` I want to run out . ''
And after seeing some of these buildings there are many of the city buildings , we realized that there are three important aspects to highlight .
In principle , these buildings are almost empty , because they have very large stores where people can not afford to buy things .
Second , you need to spend a lot of energy because the skin generates heat inside , so it takes a lot of cooling .
In a city that is not supposed to happen because it 's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees across the year .
And third , its appearance has nothing to do with Africa and with Ethiopia .
It 's a shame for a place so rich in culture and traditions .
In our first visit to Ethiopia , I was really hooked with the old marketplace , which is this structure outdoors , where thousands of people , they go and buy things every day to small marketers .
There 's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity .
So I thought , that was what I really wanted to design , not a commercial center .
But the question was how to build a modern building , several floors , applying these principles .
The next challenge was presented to inspect the site , which is located in a very much area of a lot of city growth , where much of the buildings that we now see in the image , did n't exist .
And there 's also between two parallel streets that are not communicating in an extension of hundreds of feet .
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets , putting all the inputs out of the building .
And this extends into an inclined atrium that creates a space in the air in the building that <unk> , by its own form , sun and rain .
And around this space , we have applied the idea of the market with small businesses , which changes on every floor because of the form of space .
I also thought , how do I close the building ?
I wanted to find a solution that would respond to the local climate conditions .
And I started thinking about a tissue that 's similar to a <unk> concrete shell to allow the input of the air , and also light , but in an filtered way .
Then we get inspiration from these beautiful dresses of the Ethiopian dresses .
They have properties of fractal geometry , and this helped me to model the facade .
So we 're building that with these little pieces of ways that are the windows that will leave the air and light in a controlled way inside of the building .
This is <unk> with these little colors of colors that use the light from the building to illuminate the building at night .
With these ideas , it was n't easy to convince developers because they thought , `` That 's not a commercial center . It was n't what we asked . ''
But ultimately we all realized that this idea of the market was to be much more profitable than the commercial center , because ultimately there was more local to sell .
And then the idea of the facade was much more economic , not only because of the material compared to the glass , but also because it was no longer necessary to have air conditioning .
So we get certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project .
The first thing was to think about how to get the energy <unk> for the building in a city where electricity cuts almost every day .
So we got a big opening advantage on the roof .
And then under those panels we think of the roof as a new public space with areas of gathering areas and bars that would create this urban oasis .
And these <unk> on the roof , which is collected water for inner health .
It 's expected for the beginning of the next year , because we 're going for the fifth floor of construction .
The second example is a <unk> master plan and services in the city of Tunisia .
And to make a project that 's so big , the biggest thing that I have designed , I needed not just to understand the city of Tunisia , but also its environment , its tradition and culture .
During that analysis , I put special attention to <unk> , a <unk> structure that was surrounded by a wall with twelve access doors connected by almost straight lines .
When I went to the place , the first design operation that we did was expand the streets of existing streets , creating 12 early blocks similar in size and characteristics that are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards .
In addition to that , we select some strategic dots in relation to the idea of the gates that are connected with straight lines , and this changed the initial model .
And the last operation was to think of the cell , the little cell of the project , like the apartment , as an essential part of the master plan .
I thought , what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the Mediterranean ?
And it 's a query , because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore a natural ventilation .
So let 's make a framework that makes sure that most of the apartments are perfectly <unk> in that direction .
And this is the result that 's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city .
It has these blocks with courtyards , and then in the low plant , we have all the connections for pedestrians .
And it also responds to local norms that make greater density on higher levels and a lower density in the lower plant .
And it also reinforces this idea of the gates .
The roof , which is my favorite space of the project is almost like giving community into space occupied by building .
It 's where all the neighbors , you can go up and socialize , and do such as a <unk> race for the morning , or jump from a building to another .
These two examples , they have a common approach to the design process .
And also , they 're in emerging countries , where cities are literally growing .
In these cities , the impact of architecture in people 's lives changes the communities and local economies at the same rate as the buildings grow .
For this reason , I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple , but affordable solutions that are improving the relationship between the community and the environment , and they have as a goal to connect nature with people .
Thank you very much .
When I was eight , a new girl joined our class . It was so remarkable , as you see all the new girls .
He had big amounts of hair and a little <unk> of pencils , cute . It was super strong for the capitals of the state , very good at <unk> .
And I ended up that year and I was filled with jealousy , until he had my sinister new plan .
I stayed for a while after a school coming out of school , and I was a little late and I hid in the bathroom ' bathroom .
When the coast was <unk> , I went out , went into the classroom , took off the table of my master book .
And then I did .
I 'd run the grades of my rival , just a little bit , just a few .
All the way . And I organized the book back to the crate , but , to see , some of my other colleagues had very good grades too .
So in a frenzy , <unk> the notes around the world , without any imagination .
I went to every <unk> of <unk> and myself a row like that , just because I could ...
I still surprise what I did .
I do n't understand how the idea came .
I do n't understand why I was good at doing it .
I felt important .
I do n't understand why I never got stuck .
It 's all that it was <unk> .
I never discovered .
But most of all , I 'm going to tell you the reason I was bothered by this little girl , so small , it was so good for <unk> .
I forgot the jealousy .
They 're so mysterious and so forth .
We know that babies suffer from jealousy .
We also primates . The birds tiles are very likely .
We know that jealousy are the number one cause of spouses in the U.S .
And yet , I 've never seen a study that look at loneliness , or the long duration or sadness .
So , you have to go to fiction , because the novels are like the lab when you study jealousy in all possible shapes .
In fact , I do n't know if it 's an exaggeration to say that if there was no jealousy , <unk> would have a literature .
Well , there would n't be Helen <unk> , there 's no `` Odyssey . ''
There would be no king <unk> , or `` A thousand and a night . ''
There 's no Shakespeare .
I would take the lists of the high school reading , because we would be losing `` The Noise and <unk> , '' there would be no word `` Gatsby '' `` Party . '' We will lose `` Madame <unk> '' and `` Anna K . ''
No jealousy , no Proust : I know that Proust has the answers for everything , and in terms of jealousy , almost it 's all .
This year is 100 years away from his masterpiece , `` In pursuit of the lost time , '' the most comprehensive part of sex jealousy , and also of ordinary competitiveness , mine , all we could have . And thinking about Proust , we have the details of <unk> , right ?
We think about a child trying to reconcile sleep .
We think of a <unk> <unk> in <unk> .
We forget how hard that image is .
We forget how relentless it is .
I mean , it 's about books that Virginia <unk> said was as tough as <unk> of cat .
I do n't know how the cat <unk> is , but we assume it 's <unk> .
So let 's see why they go so well together , the novel and jealousy -- jealousy , jealousy and Proust .
Will it be very obvious how the jealousy , who are reduced to the person , their desire , to their liabilities , are a very good narrative base ?
I do n't think we get very close to the bone , when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy .
When we feel jealousy , we tell ourselves a story .
A story about other people 's lives , and those stories make us feel terrible because they 're designed for that , to make us feel bad .
Now , being in storytellers and audience , we know exactly what details include , to nail the knife , right ?
The jealousy make us all amateurs , and that 's something that Proust understood .
All that she does to give me pleasure could give me pleasure to another , maybe right now . ''
And it starts by saying that story , and since then , Proust says that every cool charm that <unk> detects in his lover , he adds it to his collection of instruments of instruments in his private camera .
You have to admit that <unk> and Proust , they were notoriously jealous .
You know , texting would have to leave the country , if they wanted to break it .
But you do n't have to be so <unk> to recognize that it 's hard work . Right ?
The jealousy are <unk> .
It 's a hungry emotion . You have to power it .
And what are the jealousy ?
The jealousy kind of information is <unk> .
The jealousy use the details .
The jealousy like large amounts of bright hair and the cute little bits of pencils .
The jealousy set out of the photos .
That 's why Instagram is so successful , Proust links very well in language <unk> with jealousy .
When <unk> is in their jealousy sense of jealousy , they suddenly hear behind the doors and <unk> the servants of their lover , then defends those behaviors .
He says , `` Look , I know that this is revolting , but it 's not different than the interpretation of an old text or looking at a memorial . ''
He says , `` These are scientific research with true intellectual value . ''
Proust is trying to prove that jealousy can look like <unk> , but , in their core , they 're search for knowledge , search for truth , a really painful truth . In fact , to what seems as much more painful , the most painful .
The pain , the humiliation , the loss : These were the tracks towards Proust wisdom .
He says , `` A woman who needs to make us suffer , cause us to suffer from us a range of feelings much more profound and vital than a wise man who can interest us . ''
Is it telling us that we 're going to look for cruel women ?
No . I think it 's trying to say that jealousy reveal ourselves .
And there 's some other excitement that we would take ourselves in this particular way ?
Is there any other emotion reveals us our <unk> , our horrible ambition and our rights ?
Any other excitement that teaches us to look at some such peculiar intensity ?
Freud would write about it later .
One day , Freud visited by a very unlikely young man who was consumed with the idea that his wife was being arrested .
And Freud said that there was something weird about that man , that he did n't know what his wife did .
Because she was innocent , everybody knew it .
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause .
But he was looking for things that his wife did , without realizing , <unk> behaviors .
Do you feel too much ? Or do n't you accidentally ?
Freud said that the man was becoming the <unk> of his wife 's unconscious .
novels are really good at this .
Now , novels describe very well , what jealousy do to do with intensity but not precision .
And in fact , the harder we are , the more we become our fantasy residents .
And for this reason , I think , jealousy lead us to make violent acts .
The jealousy drive us to behave in totally <unk> ways .
Now I 'm thinking about myself at eight years old , I recognize it . But I 'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news .
A woman of Michigan <unk> was captured by having created a false account on Facebook since I sent a <unk> messages from a second , horrible self for a year .
For a year . A year .
She was trying to interview the new girlfriend of her former boyfriend , I have to confess that when I or this , I reacted with admiration .
Because , let 's be realistic .
How big , even though unfortunate , creativity . Right ?
It 's like novel .
As a novel <unk> novel .
<unk> is one of my favorites .
She 's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature .
It 's the author of `` <unk> in <unk> , '' and `` The <unk> Mr. <unk> , '' books that deal with the jealousy , confused our minds , and once we 're in the sphere , in the jealousy realm , the membrane that separates what it might be , can be punch in a moment .
Let 's take Tom <unk> , his most famous character .
Tom <unk> 's going to <unk> or want what you have to invade your self and you 're going to get it out of what you 've ever had , and it 's under the floor . <unk> your <unk> rings , it takes your bank accounts .
It 's a way .
But what do we do ? We ca n't take the route of Tom <unk> .
I ca n't give you <unk> everybody , as long as I would .
It 's a shame , because we live in times of envy .
We live in jealousy times .
I mean , we 're good citizens of social media , where the currency is envy ? Right ?
novels show us the way ? I 'm not sure .
So we 're going to do what the characters are always doing when they 're not sure , when they 're in front of a mystery .
So let 's go to the Baker coast of Baker Street and ask for Sherlock Holmes .
When people think about Holmes , you think about the <unk> curse in Professor Moriarty , that criminal genius .
But I 've always been favorite [ <unk> ] <unk> , the head of the rat <unk> rat , which needs Holmes desperately , he needs entertainment genius , but it bothers me .
Oh , it sounds so familiar .
<unk> needs its help , but it 's <unk> , and they 're going to try to figure out with bitterness in each of the mysteries .
But as they work together , something starts to change , and finally in `` The <unk> of the Six <unk> , '' once anytime he comes in , <unk> everybody with his solution , and he says , `` We 're not jealous , Mr. Holmes .
We 're proud of you . ''
And he tells you that there 's no person in <unk> <unk> that I would n't want to raise my hand .
It 's one of the few times that we see relocated from the story , and I think this is very emotional . That scene is also mysterious , right ?
It seems to treat jealousy as a geometry of geometry , without emotion .
You know , in a minute Carol is the opposite side of <unk> .
The next minute you are on the same side .
Suddenly , <unk> is allowed to admire that idea of being the <unk> .
Could it still be that simple ?
What if jealousy are really a matter of geometry , just a question of where we allow ourselves to be in relation to the other ?
Well , maybe we do n't have to get rid of the greatness in the other .
We can relate to it .
But I like contingency plans .
So as we expect that to happen , let 's remember that we have fiction for <unk> .
Just fiction , jealousy , jealousy .
The fiction used to lie , invited them to the table .
And look at what <unk> : sweet <unk> , the terrifying Tom <unk> , the crazy <unk> , Marcel Proust .
We 're in great company .
Thank you .
We used to solve big problems .
On July 21 , 1969 , Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the Canadian Apollo module module and declined over the <unk> Sea .
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone , but his presence in the gray surface was the culmination of a collective collective process .
The Apollo program was the greatest mobilization in American history .
To get to the Moon , NASA spent about 180 billion dollars from today , or four percent of the federal budget .
Apollo gave about 400,000 people , and asked about 20,000 companies , universities and government agencies .
People died , including the Apollo 1 crew .
But before the Apollo Apollo program , 24 men went to the moon .
She walked up on his surface , of which Aldrin happened after the death of Armstrong last year , is now the oldest man .
So , why did they go ?
They did n't get a lot of a turn : 300 kilos of old rocks , and something that 24 <unk> later , a new sense of something and fragility in our common home .
Why were it ? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate to the Soviets , which this nation had better rockets .
But the words of Kennedy at Rice University in 1962 give us a better idea .
John F. Kennedy : Some ask , why the moon ?
Why turn it into our goal ?
And they could also ask , why are the highest mountain climbing ?
35 years ago , why fly over the Atlantic ?
Why does he play Rice versus Texas ?
We chose to go to the moon .
We chose to go to the moon .
We chose to go to the Moon in this decade , do other things , not because they 're simple , but because they 're hard .
Jason <unk> : For the contemporaries , the Apollo was not just a victory of the West on the Cold War .
In the time , the strongest emotion was to the transcendence of the technology of technology .
They were because it was a great thing to do .
The landing on the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological radios .
The first half of the 20th century produced the line of assembly and the airplane , penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis .
In the middle of the century , we ran polio and removed smallpox .
The technology seemed to own what Alvin <unk> in 1970 called `` <unk> force . ''
For most of the history of humanity , we could n't go faster than a horse , or a sailing boat , but in 1969 , the Apollo 10 crew flew at 40,000 miles hour .
Since 1970 , no human being turned to the moon .
Nobody has traveled faster than the crew of Apollo 10 , and happy joyful about the power of technology has evaporated from the power of technology to see that technology will solve how to go to Mars , create a clean energy , to cure cancer , or feed the world population seems to be intractable .
I remember looking at the Apollo 17 .
I was five years old , and my mother told me that we did n't look at the <unk> tube rocket from the rocket V .
I knew a lot of this that this would be the last frontier of the moon , but I was completely sure I 'd come to see the colonies on Mars .
So that , `` Something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology , '' has become a common place .
We heard it all the time .
We 've heard this for the last two days here at TED .
It seems like the technologists had been distracted , and enriched with trivial toys , things like iPhones , applications and social networks , or algorithms that speed up the automated sale .
There 's nothing wrong with most of these things .
They 've extended and enriched our lives .
But they do n't address the big problems of humanity .
What happened ?
There 's a pragmatic explanation in Silicon Valley , which <unk> that they 've created less ambitious companies than the ones in the years that Intel , Microsoft , Apple and <unk> .
Silicon Valley says that markets are the culprits , in particular , incentives that venture capitalists provide entrepreneurs .
Silicon Valley says that the risk of risk caused that the creation of ideas were changed by the funding of incremental problems or even false problems .
But I do n't think this explanation is good enough .
It was mostly wrong with <unk> Valley .
Even when the capitalists venture capitalists were at their peak without worrying about the risk , they preferred small investments , lower investments that could come out in 10 years .
<unk> . They 've always had problems to invest with benefit in technologies like energy , which need an enormous capital and development that is long-term , and also have invested in the development of technologies dedicated to solving big problems because they do n't have a immediate value .
No , the reasons we ca n't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound .
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems .
We could go to Mars if we wanted to .
NASA has even designed a plan .
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular , and that will never happen .
We do n't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth .
Sometimes , we ca n't solve the big problems because political systems fail .
Today , less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from sources of renewables like solar , wind and <unk> . Less than two percent , and the reason is completely economic .
Coal and natural gas is cheaper than solar and wind , and oil is cheaper than <unk> .
We want sources of alternatives that can compete at price . They do n't exist .
Now , technologists , entrepreneurs and economists agree on what policy and <unk> international treated develop the development of an alternative energy , mostly , a significant increase in research and energy development , and some kind of control of the carbon price .
But there is no hope in the current political climate that we 're going to see an energy policy of the U.S. or international treaties that reflect that consensus .
Sometimes the big problems that looked technological , they turn out not to be .
We know for a while that famines are a result of failure in the <unk> of food .
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crises that are affecting the distribution of food .
Technology can improve things like crops or systems for storage and food allocation , but there will be famines as there were bad governments .
Finally , big problems sometimes <unk> a solution because we do n't understand the problem .
The Nixon was declared war on cancer in 1971 , but we found that there are many types of cancer , some of <unk> resistant to treatment , and only over the last 10 years appear to have found effective and viable treatments .
The hard problems are difficult .
It 's not true that we could n't solve the problems with technology .
We can , and we have , but these four elements have to be here : The political leaders and the population must want to solve the problem ; the institutions must support the solution ; it should be really about a technological problem , and we must understand it .
The Apollo mission , which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems , it meets with those criteria .
But it 's a <unk> model in the future .
We 're not in 1961 .
There is no competition in the Cold War , like in the Cold War , there 's no politician like John Kennedy who would argue hard and dangerous , and there 's no popular mythology of science fiction like a exploring solar system .
In general , going to the moon turned out to be simple .
It was just three days .
And really , I was n't even tackling any problem .
We are alone in our present , and the solutions of the future will be harder to get .
God knows that the challenges are missing .
Thank you very much .
Well , I 'm going to talk about trust , and I 'm going to start with the general ideas that you have about trust .
They are so common that they become <unk> from our society .
I think it 's three .
The first one is a claim : there 's been a huge decline of trust , it 's a very widespread belief .
The second is a goal : we should have more confidence .
And the third is a task : we should recover trust .
I think that the claim , the goal and the task has been poorly played .
What I 'm going to try and tell you about today is a different story about a claim , a goal and a task , which I think gives you a clear idea about the subject .
First of all , why do people think that trust has decreased ?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence , I do n't know the answer .
It allows me to think that there may be decreased in some activities or institutions , and there might be increased in others .
I 'm not sure .
But I can use opinion surveys , and the opinion polls are supposed to be the source of the belief that trust has declined .
When you look at polls , over time , there are no evidence of it .
I mean , the people who were being recorded 20 years ago , mostly journalists and politicians , keep inspiring the same mistrust .
And the people who were very reliable 20 years ago are still pretty confident : judges , nurses .
The rest of us are in the middle , and by the way , the average citizen of the street is almost exactly halfway .
But is this evidence for enough ?
What surveys of opinion are , of course , opinions .
What else can you record ?
What you 're looking at is the generic attitudes that people manifests themselves when they 're asked .
Do you trust the politicians ? Trust teachers ?
Now , if somebody asked you , `` Do you think about <unk> ?
Do we find out in fishermen ?
Do you go into elementary school teachers ? ''
I probably would say , `` To do what ? ''
And that would be a very sensible response .
And you could say , when you 've answered your question , `` Well , I trust some of them , but elsewhere . ''
What 's very rational .
Ultimately , in real life , we tend to deposit trust in a separate way .
We do n't assume that the level of trust that we 're going to feel for a certain kind of official , official or type of person , is going to be uniform in all cases .
I could , for example , to say that I trust in a certain primary primary teacher I know to give you the kind of reading , but no way to drive the school <unk> .
After all , I could know it was n't a good driver .
I could trust my most documented friend to keep a conversation , but not , maybe , to keep a secret .
Simple .
And if we 've obtained those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is distinct , why we stop side all of that knowledge when we think about self-confidence .
I think these surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust , because they try to deal with the good trial inherent to the fact of trusting something or somebody .
Second , what about the goal ?
The goal is to have more confidence .
Frankly , I think it 's a stupid goal .
It 's not that goal that I <unk> .
I would get more confidence in what 's trusted , but not what it is n't .
Ultimately , I 'm interested in not trusting what 's not reliable .
And I think that those people who were taking their savings with the very rightly named Mr. Madoff , who then disappeared with them , I think of them , and I think , yeah , they were too confident .
Having more confidence is not a intelligent goal in this life .
Confidence deposited or bears with intelligence , that 's the right goal .
Once you say it , it says , yeah , yeah , OK , that means that what matters first is not trust , but trustworthiness .
What it is about doing a judgment of how reliable people are in certain ways .
And I think that in order to be able to do a judgment , we 're forced to focus on three things .
Are they competent ? Are they honest ? Are they responsible ?
And if we find that a person is competent , and it 's responsible and honest , then we 'll have a very good reason to trust it , because it 's going to be worthy of trust .
But if it 's not responsible , we could n't trust them .
I have friends who are competent and honest , but I did n't trust them to take a letter in the mail , because they 're <unk> .
I 've got friends who are very confident that they can do certain things , but I see that they would take their own competence .
And I 'm very happy to say that I do n't have many friends who are competent and responsible but extremely <unk> .
If it 's like that , I still did n't appreciate myself .
But that 's what we 're looking for : trustworthiness , before you trust .
The confidence is the answer .
The trustworthiness is what we have to judge .
And of course it 's hard .
Over the last few decades , we 've been trying to build accountability from all sorts of institutions , professionals , officials and so on , that we would make them easier to judge their trustworthiness .
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect .
They do n't work as they should .
I remember once I was talking to a <unk> , and he said , `` Well , you 'll see the problem is it takes more time to do the administrative paperwork that I 'm going to attend to . ''
And we found the same problem in all of our public life , and institutional and institutional , that the accountability system that is destined to ensure trustworthiness and the evidence of trustworthiness , it 's actually doing the opposite .
What they do is it takes the work of people who have to do hard tasks , like the midwives , <unk> that `` setting boxes , '' as we say .
You 've got to have all of you know similar examples .
All of that , for the goal .
I think that the goal should be more reliability , and that things would be different if you 're engaged in being trusted , and we can tell people that we are reliable and whether to ensure whether other people , officials , or political , are trustworthy .
It 's not easy . It 's the judgment , simple action , attitudes , what 's not done properly .
Third , the task .
<unk> the task to rebuild trust , puts things around .
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust .
Well , we can do it with ourselves .
We can rebuild a little trustworthiness .
We can do it if it 's two people , together , trying to improve trust .
But trust , ultimately , is distinctive because they give us other people .
You ca n't reconstruct what other people have given you .
You have to give them the bases enough to be able to trust you .
You have to be worthy of trust .
And that , of course , is because you ca n't trick it , usually , all the time , all the time .
But you also have to give them evidence evidence that you 're worthy of trust .
How do you do that ?
That 's every day , everywhere , the ordinary people , the officials , the institutions , very effectively .
I 'll give you a simple commercial example .
The store where I buy my socks says I can return them without giving them .
I carry it back and get the money back , or change me by the color that I want .
That 's great . I trust them because they became vulnerable to me .
I think there 's a great lesson on that .
If you get vulnerable to the other part , that 's a very good proof that you 're worthy of trust and you have confidence in what you 're saying .
So , in the end , I think that what we 're aiming at is not really hard to tell .
What people rely on is relationships , and in that framework , you can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust .
Thank you .
From the beginning of the computer , we 've been working with the separation between us to reduce the separation between us and digital information , the separation between our material world and the world of the screen in which the imagination can be <unk> .
This separation has been shrinking , more and more , to such a point that today is less than one millimeter thick , the thickness of the tactile screen , and the power of computing has become accessible to everybody .
But I wonder , if there were no barriers ?
I started imagining what it would be like .
I first created this tool that goes deeper into digital space , so that when the strong <unk> against the screen transfers its physical body to pixels .
Now , designers can look at their ideas directly in 3D , and surgeons can practice with virtual organs below the screen .
So with this tool , the barriers are breaking .
But the two hands remain still outside the screen .
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using the entire dexterity of hands ?
In the <unk> Sciences at Microsoft , along with my mentor <unk> mentor , <unk> the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital digital area .
So I combined a transparent display with time-lapse cameras to detect fingers and face , now you can lift the hands of the keyboard , get to the inside of the 3D space , and grab pixels directly with the hands .
And as the windows and the archives have a location in real space , <unk> is as easy as taking a book from a shelf .
You can flip through the book and highlight lines or words with the virtual touch sensor that 's down on every floating screen .
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with their hands .
In these examples , we 're typing in the digital world .
And if we invest the papers and make the digital information to us ?
Surely , many of us would have bought and returned with the Internet .
Now that does n't have to worry .
So what I have here is a virtual <unk> on the Internet .
This is the vision that you get from a device on your head or fold up when the system understands the geometry of your body .
If we take this idea further , I thought , instead of just seeing pixels in space , how can we make physical physicists so that we can touch them and feel them ?
What would be a future like that ?
At the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Ishii and my <unk> Post , we created this unique physical pixel .
This spherical imam behaves like a 3D pixel in space , which means that both the computer as users can move anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space .
<unk> , what we did was <unk> gravity and control the movement through a combination of MRI , mechanical <unk> and detectors .
And by programming the object the object , we released it from the constraints of time and space , which means that human movements can go back and go back and reproduce , always in the physical world .
You can teach physically <unk> and distance and the famous shot of Michael Jordan can be reproduce as a physical reality , the time we wanted .
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the planets , the physics , and unlike the monitors or textbooks , this is a real and palpable experience that you can play and feel . It 's very powerful .
But what 's most fascinating to change the physics of the computer is to imagine how programming the world is going to change our everyday physical activities .
As you see , digital information is not just showing us something but begin to act directly on us as part of the physical world around us without that we have to <unk> ourselves from our world .
So we started talking about a barrier today , but if we discount that barrier , the only limit that 's left is our imagination .
Thank you .
I 'm going to become a female female for two years in <unk> , China , in the '70s .
When I was in the first grade , the government wanted to go to a school for <unk> athletes .
But my mother tiger said , `` No . ''
My parents wanted me to become engineering , like them .
After we survive the Cultural Revolution , they believed strongly that there was only an accurate path to happiness : a safe and good job .
No matter if the job I would like or not .
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer .
This was me , in my imaginary piano .
An opera singer must begin to <unk> from very young to learn the tricks , so I tried everything I could go to the opera school .
I even wrote to the director of the school and the host of a radio show .
But any adult will give you the idea .
No adult took me seriously .
And my friends were supportive , but they were children , without authority , like me .
So at the age of 15 , I knew it was already too much older to train .
My dream would never work .
I was afraid , in the rest of my life , a second class happiness was the only thing that might aspire to .
And this was so unfair .
So I decided to look for another calling .
No one around me wanted to teach me ? Okay .
Let 's go back to books .
[ `` Works <unk> '' ] [ `` <unk> of History '' ] [ `` <unk> of History '' ] [ `` <unk> of History '' ] And what were the first books that I read here ?
Those who were banned in China , of course .
`` The Great Earth '' is about Chinese Chinese life .
And it 's not a convenient thing . <unk> .
The Bible is interesting , but strange .
That 's a theme for another day .
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation , `` Get your father and your mother . ''
`` <unk> , '' I said , `` It 's so different , and much better than obey . ''
So it became my tool to come out of this trap of guilt <unk> and to reset the relationship with my parents .
I find it with a new culture also led to my comparative reading habit .
We 've got a lot of perspectives .
For example , at first this map , it seemed to me outside , because this is what students in China learn .
I had never happened , that China did n't have to be in the center of the world .
A map involves people 's perspective .
<unk> reading is not something new .
It 's a common practice in the academic world .
There are to research camps as comparative religion and comparative literature .
Comparing and contrast , offers academics a deeper understanding of a subject .
And I thought if comparative reading worked to investigate , why not do it also in everyday life ?
So I started reading books from two .
You can be about people [ `` Benjamin Franklin '' ] [ `` John Adams '' ] that were involved in an act , or friends with shared experiences .
By the Christ , temptation are economic , politics and spiritual .
To the Buddha , they 're all psychological : lust , fear and social duty -- interesting .
If you know another language , it 's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages .
[ `` Flight of <unk> Tzu '' ] [ `` The trail of Eden '' ] [ `` The trail of Eden '' ] instead of missing in translation , I found that you can earn a lot of it .
For example , it 's through the translation that I realized that `` happiness '' in Chinese literally means `` fast joy . '' You know !
And `` girlfriend '' in Chinese literally means `` new mother . ''
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present .
I know that I could n't feel like I used to be powerless .
Having a dream record really is nothing compared to what many others have suffered .
I 've come to believe that the realization is not the only purpose of a dream .
Their most important purpose is to connect to the place that the dreams come from , where the passion is coming , where happiness comes from .
Until a chronic dream can do that for you .
And it 's because of books , which I 'm here today , happy , living again with purpose and clarity , most of the time .
So the books always join you .
Thank you .
Thank you .
When I was in my <unk> , I saw my first customer of psychotherapy .
I was a Ph.D. student in clinical psychology in Berkeley .
She was a woman of 26 , named Alex .
And Alex went into the first session using jeans and a <unk> <unk> , threw my shoes off my office and told me I wanted to talk about his problems with men .
When I heard this , I felt so relieved .
My class class had a <unk> .
And I had a <unk> that I wanted to talk about men .
I thought I could handle it .
But I did n't .
With the <unk> stories that Alex brought the sessions , he made me easy only to move my head while we will .
`` 1930s is the new twenties , '' he said Alex , and so I see , she was right .
You start to work later , and then you get home later , you have kids later to death later .
For <unk> and I had long time .
But shortly after , my supervisor <unk> me to press Alex I would talk about his <unk> life .
I was resistant .
I said , `` Sure , it 's coming out with guys under their category , they 're lying with a <unk> head , but it 's not like it was to marry him . ''
And then my supervisor said , `` Not yet , but maybe they marry the next .
Also , the best time to work in Alex 's marriage is before they marry . ''
This is what psychologists call a `` aha ! '' moment .
It was when I realized that the '30s are not the new <unk> .
Yes , people sit on head after they used to , but this did n't make the <unk> of Alex as a pause in their development .
This made the <unk> of Alex , and we were wasting it .
So I realized , this kind of benign recklessness was a real problem and had real consequences , not only for Alex and his loving life , but for race , families and future <unk> and future <unk> .
There are 50 million <unk> in America today .
This means 15 percent of the population , or 100 percent if you think nobody comes to adulthood without going before the <unk> .
Hands up if you 're in your <unk> .
I want to see the <unk> here .
Oh , yeah ! They 're amazing .
If you work with <unk> , you love a 20-year-old , you take out the sleep dream , I want to see . It 's okay . Incredible , <unk> really matter .
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts .
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will be at 35 years old .
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments ' `` Aha , '' they give your life for your life to be past when you have 30 and so many .
People from over 40 , I do n't panic .
This audience will be okay , I think .
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on how much money they gain .
We know that more than half of Americans are married , or they 're coming out with their future partner at 30 years .
We know that the brain ends up its second and last stage of growth in their <unk> and <unk> for adulthood , which means that if there is something you want to change yourself , now is the moment to change it .
We know that the personality changes more times during their <unk> than at any time in life , and we know that the female fertility gets to their top to 28 , and things become complicated to the 35 .
<unk> are time for education on their body and their choices .
When we think about the development of the child , we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain .
It 's a moment in which your daily and ordinary life has an impact on the person who will become .
But what we do n't hear often is there is something called adult development and our <unk> are a critical moment in adult development .
But this is not what kids are listening .
The newspapers talk about changes in the timeline .
The researchers call the <unk> an extended adolescence .
journalists were getting ridiculous names to <unk> <unk> and <unk> .
It 's true .
As a culture , we 've considered an triviality that defines adulthood .
Leonard Bernstein said that to make great things , you need a plan and not enough time .
Is n't it true ?
What do you think that happens when you give one <unk> in your head and say , `` Do you have another 10 years to start your life ? ''
Nothing happens .
They stole that person the sense of urgency and ambition and nothing happens .
And then every day , intelligent <unk> , interesting like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like this , `` I know my boyfriend is not good for me , but this relationship does n't count . I 'm just killing time . ''
Or they say , `` Everybody says that as I start a career before 30 , everything will be fine . ''
But then it starts to sound like this : `` My <unk> are <unk> and I still have nothing to show .
I had better rsum on the day I graduated from college . ''
And then it starts to sound like this : `` My dates during the <unk> were like the list of chairs .
They were all running and <unk> , but then at some point around 30 , he turned the music and they all began to sit .
I did n't want to be the only one who was standing standing , so I sometimes think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when he was 30 . ''
Where are the <unk> here ?
Do n't do that .
Well , that sounds a bit extreme , but no mistake , the risks are very high .
When you leave a lot of things for the '30s , there 's an enormous pressure on 30 and so many of you start a career , choose a city , pick up a mate , and have two or three children in a much smaller time period .
So many of these things are not compatible , and there are research that starts to show , which is much harder and stressful to do all of once in the '30s .
The middle-aged age crisis is not about buying red sporting cars .
It 's about realizing you ca n't have the career you want now .
You realize you ca n't have the son you want now , or you ca n't give a brother to your son .
Many <unk> and <unk> look at themselves , and me , sitting in the room , and they talk about their <unk> , `` What was I doing ? What was I doing ? ''
I want to change what the kids are doing and thinking .
Here 's a story about how it might be .
It 's a story about a woman called Emma .
At 25 , Emma came to my office because I was , in his own words , having a identity crisis .
He said they 'd like to work in art or entertainment , but you could n't even decide , so I spent the last few years working as a waitress .
As it was cheaper , I was living with a boyfriend that showed more temperament .
And even though it was living a very difficult <unk> , his previous life had been even harder .
They were often followed by our sessions , but then she would wake up by saying , `` You do n't choose your family , but you can choose your friends . ''
Well , one day Emma arrived his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour .
He had just bought a new book card for me , and I had spent the whole morning with her many contacts , but then he was looking at the empty space that goes on after the words `` In case , '' `` In an emergency case , please call ... ''
I was at the point of hysteria when he saw me and said , `` Who 's going to be for me if I have a car accident ?
Who 's going to take care of me if I have cancer ? ''
At that time , it took a lot of work to resist and not say , `` I . ''
What Emma needed was not a <unk> that was really worried .
Emma needed a better life , and I knew this was his opportunity .
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit while the Big Bang of Emma was happening in front .
So for the next few weeks and months , I told Emma three things that all of the wheat , man or woman , deserves to know .
First , I said to Emma that I was supposed to forget about that identity crisis , and it 's an identity capital .
Because of identity capital , I mean to do something that add value to your person .
Doing something that is an investment in what you want to be later .
I did n't know the future of Emma 's career , and no one knows the future of work , but I know this : identity capital generates capital capital .
So now it 's time for that work on the other side of the country , from that boarding school that they want to try .
I 'm not crossing exploration exploration , I 'm <unk> the exploration that should not tell , that by the way , it 's not exploration .
It 's <unk> .
I said to Emma that would explore jobs and make them tell .
Second , I said to Emma that urban tribes are <unk> .
The best friends are great to take you to the airport , but the kids that come together with similar minds with similar minds to who you know , what you know , how they think , how they talk , and where they work .
That new piece of capital , that new person who 's coming out almost always comes out of its closest circle .
The new things come from what they call <unk> links from their friends .
Yes , half of the kids have bad work or do n't have a job .
But the other half no , and the weak links are the way we can bring this group together .
Half of the jobs are never released , so knowing the chief of your neighbor 's neighbor is a way to get a job not published .
It 's not cheating . It 's the science of how information happens .
And yet , not least , Emma believed you do n't choose your family , but I know your friends .
This was true when I was growing up , but as <unk> , Emma quickly <unk> his family , when I have a mate and form his own family .
I said to Emma that the time to choose his family had come .
Maybe you think that 30 is better age to set up than 20 or even 25 , and I agree with you .
But to choose the person that you live with now or tell you now when everyone on Facebook begin to walk towards an altar is not progress .
The best time to work in your marriage is before you have , and that means being as intentional in love as you are at work .
Your family must be a conscious choice of who and what they want instead to just make it work or kill time with whoever I choose to you .
So what happened with Emma ?
Well , we looked at that directory , and she found the roommate of a cousin who worked in an art museum in another state .
This weak link helped him get a job there .
That offer of work gave him a reason to leave the groom that he lived .
Now , five years later , it 's special to study events .
This married a man who chose consciously .
She loves his new career , she loves her new family , and I was sending a letter that said , `` Now the emergency contacts space are not big enough . ''
The story of Emma may sound easy , but that 's what I love about working with <unk> .
It 's very easy to help them .
<unk> are like airplane airport from the L.A. airport , which come out somewhere in the West .
Just before <unk> , light adjustment in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fiji .
In the same way , by 21 or 25 and even 29 , a good conversation , a good break , a good TED Talk can have huge effects over the next few years or even over generations .
Here 's my idea worth spreading to all the kids who know .
It 's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex .
It 's what I now have the privilege of telling <unk> like Emma every day : <unk> are not the new <unk> , <unk> their adulthood , get them to get identity capital , use their weak links , choose your family .
Do n't define what they did n't know or what they did n't .
They 're deciding their life today .
Thank you .
When I was 27 years old , I left a very <unk> job in management consultant for a work that was even tougher .
I went to show you math to MIT students in New York City schools .
And as any teacher , I applied tests and tests .
I gave them tasks .
When I work out , we 've got grades .
What struck me was that I.Q . was n't the only difference between my best and my worst students .
Some of those who had better performance did n't have I.Q . scores .
Some of my smartest kids were n't going so well .
And that got me thinking .
The kind of thing that you need to learn from in seventh grade is , surely , they 're difficult : proportions , <unk> , the area of a <unk> .
But these are not impossible , and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and for enough time .
After several years , I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivational perspective , from a psychological perspective .
In education , the only thing we know about how to measure it .
It 's the <unk> , but what if you succeed in school and life depends much more than the ability to learn how to learn how fast and easy ?
So I left the classroom , and I went to college to become a psychologist .
I started studying children and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios , and in every study my question was , who has success here and why ?
My research team and I went to the Open Point Academy Point .
We tried to predict what <unk> <unk> in military training and who would argue .
We went to the National atheist and we tried to predict what children are going to be able to do as far as possible in the competition .
We studied teachers amateurs working in neighborhoods that really hard neighborhoods , <unk> what teachers still are teaching for the end of the school year and those , who will be the most effective in improving the outcomes of their students ' learning ?
We teamed up with private companies , asking , which these marketers are going to keep their job board ?
And who is going to earn more money ?
In all those very different contexts , it emerged a feature as an important impact of success .
And it was n't social intelligence .
It was n't the good appearance , physical health , and it was n't I.Q .
It was determination .
Determination is passion and perseverance to achieve long-term goals .
Determination is to have resistance .
The determination is to cling to your future , day after day , not just a week , not just for the month , but for years and working really hard to make that future one .
Determination is to live life as if it was a marathon , not a race at all speed .
A few years ago , I started studying determination in public schools in Chicago .
I asked thousands of high school students to do my questionnaires of determination , and then I waited about more than a year to see people who were going on .
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly greater than graduate , even when I matched them on every characteristic that I could measure , things like family income , the results of standardized tests , even safety that children felt when they were in school .
So it 's not only in West Point or in the National Yo-Yo Yo-Yo <unk> who matters the determination . It 's also in school , especially for children at risk .
For me , the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know about the science of its development .
Every day , parents and teachers ask me , `` How do we develop determination in children ?
What should I do to teach kids a firm work ethic ?
How do I keep them motivated for the long term ? ''
The most honest answer is : I do n't know . What talent does n't give you purpose .
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals who simply do n't follow with their commitments .
In fact , in our data , purpose commonly not related , or it 's often related to talent talent .
So far , the best idea I 've heard about developing determination in children is something called `` growth mindset . ''
This is an idea that was developed at Stanford University by Carol <unk> , and it 's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed , that it can change with effort .
Dr. <unk> has shown that when the kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and growing in response to the challenge , they 're much more likely to engage them when they fail , because they do n't think that failure is a permanent condition .
So the growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination .
But we need more .
And that 's where my speech is , because that 's where we are .
That 's the work we have in front of .
We need to take our best ideas , our strongest intuitions , and we need to test them .
We need to measure if they 've been successful , and we need to be willing to fail , get wrong , to start all again with the lessons that we learned .
In other words , we need to be determined about making our kids more determined .
Thank you .
<unk> in Taiwan like the daughter of a <unk> , one of my most <unk> memories is my mother <unk> beauty , the shape and the shape of the Chinese character .
From that moment , I was fascinated by this incredible language .
But for a foreigner , it seems to be as impenetrable as the Great Wall .
In the last few years , I 've been wondering if I can break down this wall , so that the whoever is that you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language .
I started thinking about how a new method of learning Chinese could be useful .
Since I was five years old , I started to learn how to draw each of the strokes of every character in the right sequence .
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years .
Because only five minutes is better than we do it in a faster and faster way .
An Chinese academic <unk> 20,000 characters .
You only need a thousand to understand basic literacy .
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature , enough to read traffic signals , sound menus , understand the basic idea of the web pages or the newspapers .
So I 'll start with eight to show you how the method works .
Are you ready ?
You open your mouth as much as you might be as a square .
They get a mouth .
This is a person who 's going to take a walk .
<unk> .
If the form of fire is a person with arms on both sides , as if I were screaming slowly , `` Help me ! I 'm burning ! '' This symbol actually is originally from the shape of the call , but I like to believe it 's the other way . It 's going to work .
This is a tree .
tree .
This is a mountain .
The sun .
The moon .
The symbol of the door looks like a couple of doors of a <unk> in the old West .
I call radical to these eight characters .
These are building blocks , so they create a lot more characters .
One person .
If somebody walks back , that 's `` follow . ''
As the ancient saying , two are company , three are a crowd .
If a person stretch their arms , this person is saying , `` It was that big . ''
The person inside the mouth , the person is trapped .
It 's a prisoner , just like <unk> inside the whale .
A tree is a tree . Two trees together , we have a forest .
Three trees together , we also have the forest .
Put a chart under the tree , we have the foundation .
Put a mouth on the tree , that 's a `` idiot . '' Easy to remember , because a tree speaker is quite an idiot .
Do you remember fire ?
Two fires together , it 's got very hot .
Three fires together , that 's a lot of fire .
Put the fire under the two trees , that 's burn .
For us , the sun is the source of prosperity .
Two suns together , thriving .
Three together , those are glimmers .
Put the sun and the bright moon together , that 's the brightness .
It also means tomorrow , after one day and one night .
The sun comes out over the horizon . <unk> .
A door . Put a chart inside the door , it 's the segment of the door .
Put a mouth inside the door , ask questions .
She hit , played a guy at home ?
This person is getting hidden from a door , fleeing , <unk> .
On the left , we have a woman .
Two women together , they 're discussing .
Three women together , be careful .
So we 've already gone through 30 characters .
By using this method , the first eight radical , will allow you to build 32 .
The next group of eight characters will build another 32 .
So with every little effort , you will be able to learn a couple hundred characters of characters , which is the same thing you learn a Chinese age of eight .
So after knowing the characters , we started creating sentences .
For example , the mountain and fire together , we have a mountain of fire . It 's a volcano .
We know that Japan is the land of the emerging sun .
This is a sun put in the origin , because Japan is east of China .
So a sun next to the origin , we created Japan .
One person behind Japan , what do we have ?
A Japanese person .
The character on the left is two <unk> mountains on the other .
In ancient China , that meant in exile , because the Chinese <unk> <unk> their political enemies beyond the mountains .
Today , the exile has become coming out .
A mouth that tells you where it 's an output .
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and walk down the stage . Thank you .
What I prefer to be dad are the movies that I get to see .
I love to share my favorite films with my children , when my daughter was four , we saw the magician of Oz together .
The movie dominated his imagination for months .
His favorite character was <unk> , of course .
He gave a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic wand .
But when you see that film so many times , you get to understand that it 's extraordinary .
We now live and raise our kids in a kind of industrial complex performance shows .
But the magician of Oz was an event itself .
It did n't start that trend .
The trend really took rise to 40 years later with , curiously , another movie whose protagonists , a metal guy and a <unk> kid who had a <unk> girl who was dressed as an enemy .
You know what I 'm talking about ? Yes .
There 's a big difference between these two movies , there 's a couple of big differences between the magician of Oz and all the movies that we see today .
One is that there 's very little violence in the magician of Oz .
The monkeys are pretty aggressive , like the apple .
But I think if the magician of Oz is doing today , the magician would say , `` Dorothy , you 're salvation of Oz , '' as the prophecy story .
You make magic shoes to beat armies generated by the <unk> <unk> computer .
But that 's not what happens .
Another unique thing from the magician of Oz is that the most heroic and wise characters are women .
I began to notice this when I made `` Star Wars '' to my daughter , a few years later , and the situation was different .
At that time , I also had a son .
Just three years old .
It was n't invited to projection because it was still very small for that .
But it was the second son , and the level of surveillance had gone down . So she was slid in the room and he was impressed as a mother 's mother with her <unk> behind , and I do n't think he understood what was going on , but , <unk> , <unk> everything .
I wonder what a perceived thing .
Would you be value issues , perseverance and loyalty ?
Would the sense that Luke get an army to remove the government ?
Now , let 's get this with a magician of 1939 .
How do Dorothy his movie win ?
We do some good <unk> with each other and being a <unk> .
It 's the kind of world that I want my kids to grow Oz , okay , and not a world of men who struggle , which is where we are .
Why is there so much force at an F , force in the movies for our children , and so little of the yellow brick path ?
There 's a lot of literature on the impact of male violence movies in girls , and they should be able to read it . It 's very good .
I have n't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus .
I know by experience that Princess princess does n't give me the proper framework that had served me to navigate the world of adults who are mixed by the world of the first kiss , I think that at the time of the first kiss , I really hoped that the credit of the first kiss , because it 's the end of the movie , right ?
My search has done , I have a girlfriend .
Why stand there ?
I do n't know what I should do .
The movies are focused on defeat the villain and get their reward , and do n't leave time for other relationships or other adventures .
It 's almost like being a child , you have to be a dumb animal , and if you 're a girl , you have to use a wetsuit .
There are lots of exceptions , and to defend the Disney princess to any of you .
But they send a message to kids , even though they , boys , are not really their objective public .
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to fight the patriarchy , but do n't necessarily show the kids how they protect themselves in patriarchy .
There 's no model for them .
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children , so real and charming as <unk> and <unk> , but they do n't stop being movies .
Of course , the most successful theme of all time continues on classical after classical , each of them about the adventures of a child or a man , or two men who are friends , or a man and their son , or two men who breed a child .
Until , as many of you are thinking , this year , it finally came out .
I recommend all of you . It 's available in stores .
Do you remember what the criticism said when they came out ?
I ca n't believe that Pixar has made a movie of a princess .
It 's very good . Do n't let that stop !
Well , almost none of these movies happens to be <unk> .
I do n't know if you 've heard about this .
It still has n't thrown roots , and it spreads , but maybe we 're going to start a movement now .
<unk> <unk> is a comic book artist , and in the mid-'80s , I recorded a conversation I had had with a friend of the movies that they saw .
And it 's very simple . There are only three questions that you should be done : In the movie , there 's more of a female character than you have lines ?
So , you have to fulfill the requirement .
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie ?
Their conversations are about something more apart from the kid who liked it ? Okay ? Thank you very much .
Two women who exist and talk about things .
It happens . I 've seen it , and yet rarely see it in the movie that we know and love .
In fact , this week , I went to see a very good quality film , <unk> .
Right ? <unk> by Oscar , studio 's success , an idea of consensus that it is a Hollywood Hollywood movie .
Virtually the <unk> test .
And I do n't think it 's supposed to , because a lot of the movie , I do n't know if you 've seen it , a lot of the movie happens in a embassy where men and women are hiding during the hostage crisis .
We have a lot of scenes of men who have deep deep and painful conversations in this hiding , and that 's the great moment for one of the actresses to take a look at the door and say , `` You come to bed , honey ? ''
This is Hollywood .
So let 's look at the numbers .
In 2011 , of the 100 more popular movies , how many of them believe they have female protagonists ?
Eleven out . It 's not bad .
It 's not the same percentage that the number of women we 've been elected recently for Congress , so it 's fine .
But there 's a bigger number that 's going to disappoint this room .
Last year , The New York Times published a study that the government had done .
This is what he said .
In the United States , one in five women 's five women says it 's been sexually assaulted in his life .
I do n't think it 's the fault of massive entertainment .
I do n't think that movies for children have something to do with that .
I do n't think that music videos or pornography are closely linked , but something goes wrong , and when I hear that statistic , one of the things I think is that there 's a huge amount of sexual <unk> .
Who are those guys ? What are those guys learning ?
What do n't you learn ?
They 're <unk> the story that 's a male hero of a male hero is defeat the villain with violence and then charge the reward , which is a woman who has no friends and does n't talk ?
Are we <unk> that story ?
You know , as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter , like those of you who are doing the same thing , we find this world and this very alarming statistic , and we want to make it out .
We have tools at our disposal as <unk> <unk> , and we expect that to help , but I have to ask , <unk> <unk> is going to protect them if , at the same time , active or passively , are we educating our children to keep their male power ?
I mean , I think the Netflix list is a way to do something really important , and here I mean most parents .
I think we have to show our kids , a new definition of manhood .
The definition of masculinity is radically changing .
You 've got read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the <unk> .
Everything is changing .
When I asked my daughter , what was his favorite character from Star Wars , you know what he responded ?
<unk> .
<unk> <unk> and <unk> .
What do these two two ?
Maybe it 's not just bright dress .
I think they 're experts .
I think these are the two people in those films that know more than anyone , and they love to share their knowledge with other people to try to reach their potential .
They are leaders .
I like that kind of stories for my daughter , and I like that kind of stories for my son .
I want more stories like that .
I want less stories where my son is telling my son : Go go and struggle only and more stories where it looked like their work is to join a team , maybe a team led by women , helping other people to improve and become better people , like a magician of Oz .
Thank you .
As a child , I was living in Maine , and one of the things I liked was looking for sea biscuits on the shores of Maine , because my parents told me that that would be lucky to me .
But you know , it 's hard to find these shells .
They 're covered with sand , and it 's hard to see them .
Yet , over time , I got used to look for them .
I started to look at shapes and patterns that helped me to make it .
This became a passion for finding things , in love for the past and archeology .
And finally , when I started studying <unk> , I realized that to see with my own eyes was n't enough .
Because suddenly , in Egypt , my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of nearly 1.3 miles of length along the Nile .
And my seas had grown up to the size of cities .
This is really what led me to using satellite imagery .
To try and make a map of the past , I knew I had to see it differently .
I want to show you an example of how different we see by using infrared .
This is a place in the eastern Delta of Egypt called <unk> .
And the place , by simple view , seems to be brown , but when we use infrared and process it using a fake color , suddenly the place looks like pink .
What you 're seeing is the actual chemical changes of the landscape caused by the building materials and the activities of ancient Egyptians .
I want to share with you , how we 've used satellite data to find a ancient <unk> city , called <unk> , missing for thousands of years .
<unk> was the capital of ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a time period called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago .
The place is in <unk> , Egypt , and it 's really important because in the Middle Empire , there was this great renaissance of the ancient Egyptian art , architecture and religion .
<unk> have always known that <unk> was located somewhere near the pyramids of two kings , which they built , indicated within the red circles here , but somewhere inside this enormous patch of data .
This area is enormous , it 's about <unk> <unk> miles .
Before , the Nile <unk> right next to <unk> and as it changed over time , moved to the east and covered the entire city .
So how do you find a city underneath a long landscape ?
And I 'll try to find it at random would be equivalent to a needle in a haystack , blindfolded and using baseball gloves .
So , we use NASA surveys to make a map of the place , with very subtle changes .
We were able to see where the Nile was going to go to .
But you can see more deeply , and it 's even more interesting , this <unk> area that you see inside the circle here , that we think might be the location of <unk> .
So we collaborated with scientists scientists by making sampling work ; you can see it here .
When I 'm talking to sampling , it 's like the sample of it in ice , but instead of layers of climate change , we look for layers of human occupation .
Five meters below , below a thick layer of slime , we found a dense layer of objects in the pottery objects .
This means that in this possible location of <unk> , five meters down , we have a layer of occupation of several hundred years that date the Empire 's Empire , exactly the same period that we think is <unk> .
We also found <unk> jobs -- <unk> , quartz and cat , which shows that there was a jewelry shop .
This might seem that it 's not much , but when we think about the most common stones used in the jewelry 's jewelry , these are the rocks they were used .
So , we have a dense layer of occupation of the Middle Empire in this place .
We also have evidence of an elite jewelry shop that shows that what 's been there , was a very important city .
We still do n't find ourselves yet , but let 's go to the place in a near future to localize it .
And even more importantly , we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also make great discoveries .
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle World , probably was written in <unk> 4,000 years ago .
And sharing knowledge is the biggest of all <unk> .
There 's nothing like that on Earth .
And so it looks like TED was not founded in 1984 <unk> C .
Do ideas happen in 1984 B.C . in a lost city not for a long time and found out from high .
It certainly puts the shells in perspective .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
I want to invite you close your eyes .
Imagine standing outside , front of the door of <unk> .
I 'd like you to pay attention to the color of the door , the material that it 's made .
Now I 'm going to give you a group of obese obese team .
They 're competing in a <unk> race , and they 're going to address their front door .
I need to look at this really .
They 're getting loud , they 're sweating , they 're jumping a lot .
And they collide in front of the door of your house .
There 's bicycles flying around , and the wheels that go on their side , the rays from the wheels that end up in <unk> places . <unk> the threshold of the door .
In the lobby , the hallway , or what 's at the other side of the door , and look at the quality of the light , the light 's shining on the <unk> of <unk> .
He 's waving with your hand .
From his chair , on a brown horse .
It 's a horse talking .
You can feel your blue fur by making tickle your nose .
You can smell the porridge cookie and you go to a point of getting into your mouth .
<unk> on the side and enter his living room .
So in the room , and making it maximum of his imagination , imagine Britney Spears .
It 's with little clothes , dancing on his heart table , singing `` <unk> Baby One Time More . ''
Now humor me .
The ground has been coated with a yellow brick path and from the oven coming to you Dorothy , the Man of <unk> , the <unk> and the Len of Oz , <unk> , <unk> hands , jumping up to you .
Okay . Open your eyes .
I want to tell you about a particular competition that takes place every spring in New York .
It 's called the <unk> of the United States <unk> .
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist , waiting , I guess this was like the end of a <unk> of wise people .
There were several men and a few , ladies and different kinds of therapy of hygiene .
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers , looking at them alone .
<unk> the names of tens and tens of strangers .
Let 's take whole poems in just minutes .
<unk> to see who could memorize very quickly the order of a deck of cards .
And I was thinking , `` This is incredible . ''
These people must be nature of nature .
And I started talking to some of the people .
This is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England and have one of the best trained memories .
I said , `` Ed , when you realized that you were a wise ? ''
Ed replied , `` I 'm not a wise .
Actually , I have an average memory .
Everybody who deals with this competition says they have normal memory .
`` We 've been trained to perform these miraculous acts of memory using some ancient techniques , invented 2,500 years ago in Greece , the same techniques that I used Cicero to memorize their speeches , and that medieval scholars were using to memorize whole books . ''
And my reaction was , `` Wow . How did I have heard of this before ? ''
We were standing outside the room of competition , Ed , who is a wonderful and brilliant English , although a little <unk> , he said , `` Josh , you 're an American journalist .
meet Britney Spears ? ''
And I said , `` What ? No , why ?
Because I 'd like to teach Britney Spears how to memorize the order in a deck of cards in live cards on national television .
That will prove to the world that anybody can do it . ''
And I said , `` Well , I 'm not Britney Spears , but maybe you can teach me .
You have to start for something right ? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey to me .
I ended up spending most of the next year not just training my memory , but also <unk> , trying to understand how it works , why sometimes it does n't work and what their potential can be .
I met a lot of really interesting people .
This is a man called <unk> .
He is <unk> , very likely to the worst memory in the world .
His memory was so bad that I did n't even remember who had a memory problem ; it 's awesome .
Someone incredibly tragic , but it was a window that allowed to see how far our memory makes us who we are .
At the other end of the spectrum , I met this man .
This is Kim Peek . He 's based on the paper of Dustin Hoffman in the movie `` Rain Man . ''
We spent one afternoon , in the public library in Salt Lake City , memorizing telephone books -- it was sparkling .
And then when I come back , I read a lot of treaties on the written memory doing something over 2,000 years ago in Latin , in <unk> and then in the Middle Ages .
And I learned a lot of really interesting things .
One of the most interesting things that I learned is that there was a while that this idea of having a trained , disciplined and startup memory was not such a rare thing today .
A long time ago , people invest in their memory , to provide their minds .
These techniques have made our modern world , but they have changed us .
They have culturally changed , and I would say we have changed also cognitively .
As we have almost no need to remember , sometimes it seems to have forgotten how to do it .
One of the last few places on our planet where you still find people who are passionate about this idea of a trained , disciplined memory , is this competition so unique of memory .
It 's not really so unique ; there 's skills like this all over the world .
I was fascinated , I wanted to know how these people do .
A few years ago , a group of researchers from University College London invited a group of memory champions , the lab .
They wanted to know : Do they have brains in some way , structural or different parts of the rest of us ?
The answer was , no .
Are they smarter than the rest ?
They gave them a cognitive test battery , and the answer was actually no .
There was yet a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of the memory champions and the control subjects with the compared to them .
When they put them in an MRI machine , they would monitor their brains as they put numbers and faces and forms of snowflakes , they found that in the memory champions , they found parts of the brain , different parts of the brain , different to others .
They were actually used , or they seemed to use , a part of the brain that involves space memory and navigation .
Why ? Is there something that we can learn from this ?
The tournament in competitive memorization is run as an armed career where every year comes up with a new way of remembering more things , more quickly , and then the rest of the competitors must be put on the day .
This is my friend Ben <unk> , three times a memory champion .
On his desk , in front of him , there are 36 <unk> of messy cards that he 's about to try to memorize in an hour , using a technique that he invented and he only mastered .
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise binary order of random binary digits .
In half an hour . Yes .
And while there 's a lot of ways of remembering things in these skills , absolutely all the techniques used to the end , you reduce a single concept that psychologists call `` coding coding . ''
It 's illustrates with a <unk> paradox , which is known as the `` <unk> . ''
That 's his name .
And then I ask you , `` Remember there 's a <unk> .
And when I go back later , and I ask you , `` Do you remember that word I told you a while ? ''
`` You remember what was ? ''
The person who was told that his name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word as the person who was told that their job is `` <unk> . ''
The same word , different than I remember -- that 's weird .
What happens here ?
Well , the name of Baker , it does n't really mean anything for you .
With all the other memories that dance for his head .
But the word `` <unk> '' -- we know it .
They use <unk> hats .
They have <unk> meal .
It 's okay when they come back home to work .
You probably know some baker .
And when I was going to <unk> that word for the first time , we started putting <unk> <unk> to <unk> it at some time .
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this data about 2,500 years ago in Ancient Greece .
The `` memory palace . ''
The story goes like this : There was a poet called <unk> who was attending a dinner .
They had hired him as entertainment , because before , if he wanted to give a very good party , you do n't bring a DJ , you would get into a poet .
He stood up , and he had his memory poem , and he left , and so soon he was , the room of dinner collapsed .
killing them all .
But it did n't only kill all of them , but it shattered the Latin <unk> bodies .
No one could say who was there , nobody could remember where they were sitting .
And so they could n't afford them .
A tragedy behind the other .
<unk> , standing outside , only survivor , in the middle of the rubble , closed the eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind , I could see where I 'd been sitting every guest .
He took the family of my hand , where they were loved in the rubble .
What <unk> <unk> at that moment is something that we all know about most or less intuitively , and it is that no matter if we 're not good at remembering names , or cell phone numbers or instructions , by the word of our colleagues , we have visual memory and technical memory .
If I 'm going to tell you that I 'm going to leave the first 10 words of history that I 've just told you about <unk> , it 's very likely to find them very hard to do it .
But I would bet on you to tell you that who was sitting on the horse on the horse in his lobby , you would be able to <unk> it .
The idea of the memory of memory is to create this building with the eyes of his mind and images of images with the things that you want to remember , the plus , crazy , funny , funny , <unk> and <unk> is the image .
This is a advice that comes from more than 2,000 years ago , to the first treaties of memory , in Latin .
And how does it work ?
Let 's say you 've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to make it memory , in the same way that would have made it Cicero if they had been invited to <unk> it about 2,000 years ago .
What you might do is imagine they 're at the door of your house .
And to come up with some sort of absolutely ridiculous , mad and memorable image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that competition is completely remixable .
And then you can imagine moving home , and see the <unk> of the <unk> called Mr Ed .
And that would remind you that they want to introduce Ed Cook 's friend .
And then you 'd see Britney Spears to remind you that funny anecdote who want to count .
And then he would come in the kitchen , and the fourth topic that they talked about would be that strange journey that they did for a whole year , and they have some friends to help you remember it .
This is how the Romans speakers <unk> the speeches , not word by word , that will confuse them , but , typical by typical .
In fact the term `` typical '' comes from the Greek `` <unk> , '' which means `` place . ''
It 's a breath of when people thought about the coach and the rhetoric with this kind of space terms .
The phrase `` First '' is like the first place in his memory palace .
I saw this was just fascinating , and I packed it out of that .
I went to some of these memory skills , and I had the idea of writing something wide about this subculture of competitive <unk> .
But there was a problem .
The problem was that a memory competition is dangerous boring event .
Seriously , it 's like looking at a lot of people sitting taking tests -- I mean , the most exciting thing that 's happening is when someone gets into the front .
I 'm a journalist , and I need to be able to write about something .
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people , but I have no access .
I realized that if I was going to tell this story , I needed to try to put myself in place .
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning , before I sat at the New York Times , just trying to remember something .
Maybe a poem , or the names of an old school yearbook , bought a <unk> market .
And I discovered that this was entertaining .
I would never have expected it to be .
It was fun , because it was n't just about training the memory .
What 's actually about making it better and more and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images , cartoons , <unk> , <unk> , absurd and hopefully <unk> , in the eye of the mind .
I was hooked on this .
This is me , using my standard training team for memory competition .
It 's a couple of <unk> and some safety glasses covered with tape leaving just two <unk> , because the distraction is the worst enemy of a memory competitor .
I ended up coming back to the same competition that I had covered a year before . I had the idea that I could enter , in a kind of participatory journalism experiment .
I thought this might be a good epilogue for all my research .
The problem was that the experiment came out of control .
And I won the competition , something that I did n't have to happen .
Of course it 's nice to be <unk> speeches , and phone numbers , and you buy it , but actually this is not the point .
These are just tricks .
Because they 're based on quite basic principles on how the brain works .
And you do n't need to be put in the board of the memory or <unk> <unk> of cards , to profit with a little bit of insights about how your mind works .
We often talk about people with a great memory , as if it was an innate gift , but it 's not the case .
The great memories get educated .
At the most basic level , we remember when we pay attention .
So let 's zoom in when we focus deeply .
The palace of memory -- these memory techniques are just shortcuts .
In fact , they 're not even shortcuts .
They work because they make ourselves <unk> .
It 's a kind of deep processing , a kind of complete attention that most people are not going to lie around .
But the reality is there are no shortcuts .
That 's how things get memorable .
And if there 's something I want to leave you with today , that 's what <unk> , the <unk> that I could n't even remember that I had a memory problem , I left myself , which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories .
How much are we willing to lose what is already our <unk> existence on the Blackberries or iPhone , not paying attention to the human being in front of us , who walks next to us . Will we be so compelling that we do n't even want to process it deep ?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us .
But if you want to live a memorable life , you must be the guy who remembers remembering .
Thank you .
Today I 'm going to talk about the last 30 years of the history of architecture .
It 's a lot to cover in 18 minutes .
It 's a complex issue , so we 'll just turn out a complex place : New Jersey .
Because 30 years ago , I 'm in the Jersey , I was six and lived there in my parents ' house in a village called <unk> , and this was my child bedroom .
In the corner , from my bedroom , I was the bathroom who shared with my sister .
And in my bedroom and the bathroom , there was a balcony that gave the living room .
And there you all spent the time watching TV , so every time I went out of my room to the bathroom , I would all see me . And every time I got bored and I wrapped up in a towel , and I all saw myself .
And I was like that .
It was awkward , insecure , and I hated it .
<unk> that journey , hated that balcony , hated that room and that house .
That 's architecture .
Ready .
Those feelings , those emotions that I felt , that 's the power of architecture , because architecture is not about math , no zones of zones , but of those rigid , emotional connections that we feel in the places that we deal with .
And it 's not surprising that we feel like that , because according to the Environmental Protection Agency , they spend 90 percent of their time under roof .
So , 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture .
That 's a lot .
Architecture determines us in ways that we do n't even notice .
That makes us a little naive and very , very predictable .
This means that when I 'm showing you a building like this , I know what it comes to them : they think of `` power , '' `` power '' and `` democracy . ''
And I know what you think about this is because it 's going on in a building built 2,500 years , by the Greeks .
This is a trick .
It 's a <unk> that architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways that we build our buildings .
It 's a predictable emotional connection ; we 've used this trick for a long , long time .
We used it 200 years ago to build banks .
We used it in the 19th century to build art museums .
And in the U.S. 20th century , we use it to build houses .
Look , these stable <unk> , solid , front of the sea , away from the elements .
This is very , very useful , because building things is terrifying .
It 's costly , it takes a lot of time and it 's very complicated .
The people who build it , and the governments and governments are always afraid of innovation , and they prefer to use shapes that they know they 're going to work .
So we met buildings like this .
It 's a nice building .
It 's the <unk> Public Library that was finished in 2004 , in my hometown , and , you know , he 's got a dome ; it has this round thing , columns , red brick , that they leave <unk> what 's going to communicate with this building : children , property values , history .
But it does n't have a lot to do with a library today .
That same year , in 2004 , on the other side of the country , another library , which looks like this .
It 's in Seattle .
This library shows how we use media in the digital age .
It 's a new kind of public equipment for the city , a place to meet and read and share .
So how is it possible that in the same year , in the same country , two buildings , both so-called libraries , are so completely different ?
And the answer is that architecture works on the beginning of the pendulum .
On one side is innovation , architects constantly drive new technologies , new <unk> , new solutions for life forms .
We 're going to try and push them so much , and we 're completely moved away from people .
All of black , this is depressing . You think we think we feel very well , but we 're dead inside because we have no other option .
We need to go to the other side , and I 'll come back with those appreciated symbols .
So we do that , and we 're all happy , but we 're just like <unk> , so we started to experiment again ; we swing the pendulum back , over and again . So we 've done it over the last 300 years , and of course it 's in the last 30 years .
Well , 30 years ago , 30 years ago .
Architects were busy experimenting with the so-called `` <unk> . ''
It 's got to do with concrete .
You can guess that .
<unk> small , on scale dehumanizing .
Something really hard .
So we 're approaching the '80s , and we started to incorporate those symbols .
I <unk> the pendulum again in the other direction .
We take those forms that we know , and we like them .
We added neon , and we add cake and we use new materials .
They love it .
We do n't give them <unk> .
We took <unk> <unk> and we turned them into skyscrapers , which can be medieval <unk> .
The shapes went out , they won on audacity and colorful .
<unk> became columns .
Possibly grew up to the size of buildings .
insane .
But they were the 80 , that was great .
We all spent time in commercial malls , we moved into the neighborhoods , and there , in the suburbs , we can create our own architectural fantasies .
These fantasies could be to the Mediterranean , to the French , or the Italian .
Possibly with an endless piece of bread .
This is what happens with the <unk> .
This is what happens with the symbols .
They 're easy , they 're cheap , because instead of creating new spaces , recreating memories of other places .
I know so well , and all of you know , this is not the Tuscany .
This is Ohio .
Architects are frustrated , and we started to swing the pendulum back in the other direction .
In the '80s and early '90s , we started experimenting with so-called <unk> .
It 's going to give us the historical symbols , and we now have new design techniques for a computer , and we find new compositions -- a few ways that were attached to other forms .
This is an academic and <unk> , and it 's <unk> ; you 're totally <unk> .
Normally the pendulum <unk> again in the opposite direction .
But then something amazing happened .
In 1997 , this building opened .
It 's the Guggenheim in Bilbao , Frank Gehry .
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture .
Paul <unk> said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments as critical , academics and general , they were completely agreed on a building .
The New York Times newspaper <unk> this silver construction .
The tourism in Bilbao grew up in two and a half percent when they finished the building .
So suddenly , everybody wanted one of those buildings : Los Angeles , Seattle , Chicago , New York , Cleveland , <unk> .
Everybody wanted one , and Gehry was everywhere .
He was our first star architect .
But how is it possible that these shapes , wild and radical , how can it be possible to become ubiquitous around the world ?
And it happened , because the media was sent around them , and we quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and tourism .
We 've created an emotional reaction with these shapes .
The biggest mayors did the world .
So everybody believed that if they had these shapes , they had culture and tourism .
This phenomenon of the beginning of the new millennium happened with other star architects .
It went to <unk> and gecko , and what happened with these very few elite architects at the time of the new millennium , actually started to go through all the architecture , digital media started to increase the speed of information consumption .
Think , for example , how are architecture consumed .
A thousand years ago , you would have to have walked up to the next village to see a building .
The transportation is speeding up : you can take a ship , an airplane , you can be tourists .
Technology accelerates . You can see in the newspapers , on the telly and at the end , we 're all photographers of architecture , and the building is transported beyond its physical location .
The architecture is everywhere now ; that means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture .
Because architecture moves so fast .
It does n't just be accurate enough to think about a building .
It takes a long time to build a building , three or four years , and in that time , an architect can design two , eight , or 100 buildings more , before we know if that I designed four years ago was a success or not .
Because there has never been good feedback in architecture .
This is how we found buildings like this .
<unk> was not a <unk> movement , but 20 years old .
For 20 years , we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much the <unk> .
That 's never going to happen again . I think , because we are at the threshold of the biggest revolution in architecture from the invention of concrete , steel or of the elevator , and it 's the media revolution .
My theory is that when the pendulum applies to the media , it starts to swing faster and faster , until we 're going to be on both extreme extremes , and it was actually going to make a difference between innovation and symbol , among us , architects , and you , the audience .
Now we can make almost almost instant symbols , with an emotional charge , something completely new .
I 'll show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently .
We were <unk> to replace this building that caught fire .
This is the center of a village called <unk> Island , in New York City .
It 's a vacation community .
But that meant that two years before the building was finished , it was already part of the community , and as the drawings looked exactly exactly the finished product , there were no surprises .
The building came to be part of the community . That 's the first summer , when people began to come and share it in social media , the building stopped being just a building , it became a media medium , because these are not just images of a building , are the images that you made of the building .
And as you use it to tell your story , they become part of the personal narrative , and that makes you <unk> with collective memory , and when you carry these symbols , we learn .
I mean , we do n't need the Greeks tell us how to think about architecture .
We can tell each other what we think about architecture , because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us , but have changed the relationship between us and buildings .
Think about a second in those <unk> librarians .
If that building 's built today , first we were going to go to the Internet for `` new libraries . ''
I 'd say bombarded by examples of experimentation , innovation , about what a library can be .
So that 's ammunition .
<unk> that you can lead to the mayor of <unk> , the <unk> people , and tell you that there is no answer to what is a library today .
Let 's be part of this .
This abundance of solutions gives freedom to experience .
It 's all different now .
Architects are no longer these mysterious creatures that use <unk> words and complicated drawings , and you 're no longer a hapless audience who does n't accept something that has n't seen before .
Architects can listen , and you 're not allowed to intimidate for architecture .
That means that the pendulum <unk> from one style to another , from one movement to another , is irrelevant .
In fact , we can go ahead and find the right solutions to the problems facing society .
This is the end of the history of architecture , and it means that buildings tomorrow will be very different from today 's buildings .
This means that a public space in ancient <unk> can be unique and adapted to the measure of modern city .
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that , a stadium in Brooklyn , and not a bad <unk> historical brick , based on ideas of what a stadium should be .
This means that some robots will be able to build our buildings , because we will finally be ready for the shapes that are going to produce .
That means the buildings <unk> to the whims of nature and not the contrary .
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach , Florida , can also serve to make sports or yoga , or even you can get married there at night .
This means that three architects can dream of swimming at the East River in New York City , and raising half a million dollars of community together around that cause , it 's no longer a customer alone .
It means that no building is too small for innovation , like this little boy pavilion , so bully and <unk> as the animals that are going to look at .
Because no matter whether it 's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings .
It does n't matter how we build , what matters is what we built .
Architects know how to make more ecological buildings , smarter and kinder .
We 've been waiting for all of you to want them .
Finally , we 're not on opposite sides .
Find an architect , <unk> and work together to make better buildings , better cities , for a better world , because there 's a lot of play .
The buildings not only reflect our society , but they give the way to the smallest spaces : local libraries , the homes where we form our children , and the step in the bathroom .
Thank you very much .
This is my niece , <unk> .
It just turned out a year and started walking .
And it does it in that great way , typical of a year 's typical kids , <unk> , as if his body was moving too fast for her legs .
It 's completely precious .
And one of the things that I like to do for the moment is look in the mirror .
She really loves his reflection .
It laughs and <unk> , and it gives itself these big kisses and wet kisses .
It 's beautiful .
Apparently , all of his friends do this , and my mom tells me that I used to do it . And he made me think , `` When do you stop doing this ?
How do we suddenly be comfortable with our appearance ?
Because , apparently , we do n't like .
Every month , 10,000 people are looking at Google , `` I 'm ugly ? ''
This is <unk> , it 's 13 years old and lives in Denver .
And as any teenager , you just want to be dear and fit .
It 's Sunday at night .
It 's preparing for next week in school .
He 's got a bit of fear , it 's a bit confused , because , even though his mom tells him all the time it 's beautiful , every day in school , someone tells you it 's ugly .
What his mom says , and what your friends , or fellow school fellows , they say , does n't know who to believe .
So he does a video of her itself , he publishes it on YouTube , and he asked others to please leave a comment , `` I 'm beautiful or suck ? ''
Well , so far , it 's got over 13 comments .
Some of these are so disgusting that it does n't even deserve to think about them .
We talked about a healthy , normal , current teenager , who receives these answers on one of the stages of their most vulnerable lives .
Thousands of people are posting videos like this , mostly teenagers trying to communicate like this .
But what are he bringing them into ?
Well , adolescents in today are never alone .
They 're under pressure to be online and available all the time , talking , <unk> , giving `` I love '' by talking , sharing , publishing , this is never finished .
We 've never been so connected , in a continuous , instantaneous way , so young people .
As a mother said to me , `` It 's like there 's a party in your room every night . ''
There 's just no privacy .
And the social pressures that go from your hand with that is cold .
This environment , of being always connected , is pushing our children to <unk> based on the number of `` I like '' -- that they have and the kinds of comments they get .
There 's no division between a life online and real life .
It 's really hard to know the differences between what is real or what it is n't .
And also , it 's really hard to know the difference between what 's authentic and what is manipulated digitally .
What 's the most prominent in somebody 's life in front of what is normal in a daily context ?
And where are you looking for inspiration ?
Well , you can see the type of images that are covers of the news of girls now .
<unk> from scratch , keep our <unk> .
<unk> technique is now routine .
And trends like : # <unk> , # <unk> , # <unk> , <unk> .
For those of you who <unk> , <unk> means <unk> .
These trends are associated with women in the popular culture of today .
It 's not hard to see with what young people compare .
But the kids are not immune to this .
Like the superhero stars of the sport , and the singers ' singers .
But what is the problem with all this ?
Well , we do n't want our kids to grow healthy and be wealthy individuals .
But in a very obsessed culture , we 're teaching our kids to spend more time and mental endeavor to their appearance , at the price of all the other aspects of their identity .
Things like their relationships , the development of their physical capacities , their studies and other ways they start to suffer .
Six of 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they do n't look pretty enough .
These are not trivial activities .
These are fundamental activities for growth as human beings and as taxpayers to society and the labor development field .
31 percent , almost one of three teenagers are not interested in listening discussions . They 're going to participate in the discussions of the classroom , because they do n't want to call attention for its physical appearance .
One of five are not attending classes at all over the days when they do n't feel comfortable .
And in the exam season , if you do n't think you see good enough , specifically if you do n't think you 're thin enough , you 'll get a lower note to the average of your peers who do n't care about how it looks .
And this phenomenon has been widespread in Finland , United States and China .
And it 's day regardless of what these young men are actually weigh .
So , in order to be clear , we 're talking about as you 're talking about , not how you 're really .
<unk> self-worth over your body is <unk> academic performance .
And it 's also <unk> health .
teenage adolescents do less physical activity , they eat less fruits and vegetables , they participate in more healthy diet that can take you to a food disorder .
They have low self-esteem .
They are more easily driven by the people around them and are at greatest risk of depression .
And we think that 's all about what they make more risky decisions , like the consumption of alcohol and drug consumption , dramatic diets , aesthetic surgery , sexual relationships for early , and no protection and damage damage .
The pursuit of the perfect body is pushing the health care system , and our government costs billions of dollars every year .
And we 're not controlling it .
Women who believe they are overweight again , regardless of whether they have or do n't have higher rates of shaking .
17 percent of women do n't present to a job interview in a day where they do n't feel safe with the way you see .
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy .
If we could overcome this , what would be that opportunity ?
<unk> this potential for each of us .
But how do we do that ?
Well , speaking , for itself , it does n't take you very far away .
Not enough .
If you really want to change things , you have to do something .
And we 've learned that there are three key shapes . The first is that we have to nurture trust in their own body .
We need to help our teenagers to develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-worth .
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it .
The bad news is that most of these do n't work .
I was really surprised when I learned that many well-intentioned programs , without realizing , make it worse .
So , we must make sure that the program that our children follow , not only have a positive impact , but also an durable impact .
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas . The first is the influence of family , friends and relationships .
These six aspects are set points for anyone who 's willing to provide an education in body self-worth that works .
One education is fundamental , but to deal with this problem requires each of us to take the reins on the issue and be a better model to follow women and girls in our own lives .
It challenging the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles .
It 's not good to tell you with the input of our politicians in touch or size of their breasts , or <unk> that the determination or the success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it 's not a great beauty .
We need to start judging people by what they are , not as you see .
All of us can start doing it by taking responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks .
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not their appearance .
And let me ask you : When was the last time you put a mirror ?
In short , we have to work together as communities , as governments and as companies , to truly change our culture , so that our children will grow to valuing their whole person , valuing their individuality , diversity , inclusion .
We have to put people out that actually make the difference on a pedestal .
To make a difference in the real world , let 's make them the ones that come out on the big screen because we just create a different world .
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves , where the way they think they see that they 're not going to see the odds of being who they are , or to achieve what they want in their lives .
Think of what this can mean for somebody in their lives .
Who are in mind ?
Your wife ?
Your sister ?
Your daughter ?
Does your niece ? A friend ?
It could be simply the woman who 's two seats away . What would it mean for her if he was released from that voice to be released from that voice , which I 'm haunted by not having long legs , God thinner , a <unk> <unk> , a <unk> <unk> .
What would it mean for her if we were doing this , and we 'd tell his potential that way ?
Right now , the obsession with our culture with the images are holding us back to everyone .
But let 's look at our kids .
<unk> that the way you see is only one part of your identity , and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and for what they do , and because they make us feel .
They bring self-worth into the rsums of our schools .
Let 's change each of us , the way we talk about , and we compare other people .
And to work together as a community , from small groups to governments , so that small <unk> of a year old today will become insurance agents in their own tomorrow .
Let 's do it .
On the fifth of November 1990 , a gentleman named <unk> <unk> walked into a hotel in Manhattan and killed the rabbi ' rabbi , the leader of <unk> Defense <unk> .
<unk> initially was innocent , but being in jail for other minor charges , in company 's company , started planning attacks on about 12 cones from New York , including tunnels , synagogues , and the headquarters for the United Nations .
So luckily , those plans were driven by an FBI informant .
Sadly , the bomb of 1993 in the World Trade Center , could n't stop .
Later on <unk> would be convicted of his participation in that bombing .
<unk> <unk> is my father .
I was born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , in 1983 , being an Egyptian engineer , with a loving mother , the primary school teacher , the two did everything I could have to give me a happy childhood .
Only when I was seven years old , our family started to change .
My father taught me a form of Islam , that very few , even most Muslims , come to know .
I saw that when people take time to interact , it does n't require a lot to want to want the same things in life .
However , in all of religion , in all human group , there is always a tiny fraction of people who are being made so <unk> to their convictions that think that you have to use all the means possible for everyone to live like them .
A few months before he arrest him , he sat down with me and explained that in the last weekends , he and some friends had been going to test training training on Long Island to practice .
He told me that I would go with him the next day .
We got to the <unk> <unk> that , without knowing our group , was under the FBI .
When I had to shoot , my father helped me hold the rifle on the shoulder , and explained to me how to target about 30 feet .
That day , with the last bullet that shot I gave the little orange light on the goal , and , for all of me , especially of me , the whole goal broke out .
My uncle turned to each other and in Arabic , he said , `` <unk> <unk> . ''
As a parent , such a son .
All of them , the comment made a lot of laughter , but just a few years later , I understood what they were so funny .
You saw in me , the same level of destruction my father could cause .
Those people later would be convicted of putting a lot of it , filled with 700 kilos of explosives in the World Trade Tower of the World Trade Center , causing an explosion that killed six people and hurt another 1,000 .
I admired those men .
I called it `` <unk> , '' which means uncle .
When I turned 19 , I had moved back 20 times . That instability during my childhood did n't allow me to do a lot of friendships .
Every time I started feeling comfortable about someone , it was already time to pack up and go to another city .
As I was always , the new face of the class often was a victim of <unk> .
<unk> secret my identity to avoid being the white , but to be the new of the kind , silent and a chubby , it was enough ammunition .
So most of the time I was reading books , reading books , watching TV or playing video games .
For these reasons , I did n't develop social skills , to speak to it , to grow under <unk> , was n't prepared for the real world .
I was raised opera to judge people , based on arbitrary indicators , as their race or their religion .
So , how could I open the eyes ?
One of the first experiences that they had to test my thinking was during presidential elections .
In a <unk> program that I participated in at the National Convention , in Philadelphia .
My group <unk> in the subject of juvenile violence , as I had been a <unk> victim , almost all my life , was something I felt a lot of passion .
The members of this group came from various backgrounds .
One day , at the end of the convention , I found out that one of the kids who we had achieved friendship was Jewish .
It took several days to go out of light , and I realized that there was no handkerchiefs between the two .
I had never had a Jewish friend and quite frankly I felt very proud to have been able to beat the barrier that my entire life had been done to me to believe that it was <unk> .
Another crucial moment came up when I got a summer job in Bush Gardens and an amusement park .
I found myself with people from all sorts of beliefs and cultures . That experience was fundamental to the development of my character .
All life was taught me that the <unk> was a sin and , by extension , all gay people were bad influences .
By chance , I had a chance to work with gay actors there , in a show , and I could see that several of them were the most kind and less critics that I 'd seen in life .
Having been bullied as a child , I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others , but it was n't easy for me to treat nice people , exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated .
So I was able to contrast the stereotypes that I had taught myself as a child , with the experience of interaction in real life .
I do n't know how that 's being gay , but I know what is being judged by something beyond my control .
Then came the Daily Show .
Every night , Jon Stewart made me intellectually honest about my <unk> , and I was helping to see that the race of people , religion or sexual orientation , has nothing to do with character .
In many ways , he became my full-time shape at a moment when I was desperately <unk> .
Occasionally , the inspiration can come from the unexpected , and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my own father , extremist , was n't in vain .
I had a conversation with my mother about how my mother was changing , and she told me something to keep in my heart forever , while he 's alive .
She looked at me with the eyes of the tired of someone who has suffered enough with endless dogmatism and said , `` I 'm tired of hate . ''
At that moment , I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all of that hatred inside .
My real name is not <unk> <unk> .
It changed when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life .
So why I decided to go out and put me in a possible risk ?
Well , it 's simple .
I 've done this because I hope that somebody , one day , who 's about taking the violence , I can hear my story and understand that there 's a better path , which even though I 'm going to give myself to this violent ideology , and <unk> , I did n't get to make a fan .
On the contrary , I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and prejudice .
I do it by the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones , and for the terrible pain and loss that terrorism has produced in their lives .
By the victims of terrorism , speaking , against those meaningless acts , as rejection to the actions of my father .
With this simplicity here as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race , that children do n't have to follow the roads of their parents .
I 'm not my father .
Thank you . Thank you all . Thank you very much .
Right now , there 's a film that is projects in your mind .
It 's an amazing film .
It 's in 3D , and it has <unk> sound of what you hear and see right now . But that 's just the beginning .
Your film has scent , taste and texture .
It feels your body , your pain , your hunger , your pleasure .
It has emotions , anger and happiness .
It 's got memories , like your childhood moments that project you in front of your eyes .
And it 's constantly a voice superimposed on your flow of conscious thinking .
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything in direct .
This film is your flow of consciousness , the subject of the experience of the mind and the world .
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of being human .
Each of us is conscious .
We all have an internal film , you , you and you .
There 's nothing we know more directly .
At least , I know I have a conscience .
I have no certainty that you 're conscious .
Consciousness is also the reason to live .
If we were n't aware , nothing in our lives would make sense or value .
But at the same time , it 's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe .
Why are we conscious ?
Why do we have these internal movies ?
Why are n't we just robots that we 're going to have to produce outcomes without experiencing the inner film ?
Right now , nobody knows the answers to those questions .
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science , you need some radical ideas .
Some people say it 's impossible for a science of consciousness .
Science , by nature , is objective .
Consciousness , by nature , is subjective .
So there can never be a science of consciousness .
Because for most of the 20th century , we 've got that vision .
Psychology was studying objectively behavioral behavior , neuroscience was to study the brain objectively , but nobody mentioned consciousness .
Even 30 years ago , when TED started , there was very few scientific jobs about consciousness .
After , 20 years ago , everything started to change .
<unk> like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Penrose said , `` now is the moment for science to raise consciousness . ''
And since then , there was a real explosion , a flowering of scientific work about consciousness .
And this work was fantastic . It was great .
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment .
The center of the science of consciousness was the search for correlations , correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness .
We saw something like this guy in the fantastic work that <unk> Nancy <unk> a few minutes ago .
We now understand much better , for example , the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy .
But this is still a science of correlations .
It 's not a science of explanations .
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences , but we do n't know why .
I 'd like to explain that this kind of work of neuroscience responds to some questions that we want to explain consciousness . The questions about what certain areas of the brain do and how it correlate .
But in a sense , those are easy problems .
No offense to neuroscientists .
Actually , there is no easy problems with consciousness .
So it does n't address the real mystery of this matter : Why do all physical processes in the brain have to be accompanied by consciousness ?
Why is there a subjective internal movie ?
Right now , we ca n't understand it .
And you can say , let 's give you a few years to neuroscience .
It 's going to become another emerging phenomenon like traffic traffic , as hurricanes as life , and we 're going to find explanation .
The typical <unk> are all of these emerging behaviors , how traffic they operate , how hurricanes they work , how they reproduce , adapt and metabolize living organisms , and they 're all questions about how it works .
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon : how we walk , how we speak , how we speak , how we play chess ; they 're all questions about behavior .
But when it comes to consciousness , questions about behavior are between easy problems .
But the hard problem , is that the question of why is it all behavior is accompanied by a subjective experience ?
And here 's the standard paradigm of the emergence , the standard paradigm of neuroscience , actually does n't really have a lot to say .
I 'm a heart scientist .
I want a scientific theory of <unk> that works . For a long time , I was beating my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work .
But finally , I came to the conclusion that that did n't work for systematic reasons .
I think we 're going to be excited about this .
We have a chain of wonderful explanations , great . We get used to this ; physics explains chemistry , chemistry explains biology , biology accounts for psychology .
But consciousness does n't seem to fit in this scheme .
On the one hand , it 's a fact that we are conscious .
On the other , we do n't know how to accommodate that idea of the scientific worldview .
I think consciousness , right now , is an anomaly , something that we need to integrate to our worldview , but we do n't know yet how .
With an anomaly like this , you might need radical ideas , I think we need ideas that at first , crazy , before we can deal with awareness of a scientific way .
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas .
My friend Dan Dennett , who 's here today , has one .
Their crazy idea is that there is no such difficult problem of consciousness .
All the idea of the internal subjective film includes the sort of illusion or confusion .
Actually , what you need to do is explain objective functions , the behaviors of the brain , and so you study everything that needs explanation .
Well , more power for him .
That 's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductionist , based on the brain .
At the same time , for me and for many others , that vision is pretty close to simply denying that the observation of consciousness is satisfying .
But I 'm going in a different direction .
In the time it 's left , I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising .
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental .
The physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks : space , time and mass .
<unk> fundamental laws that govern , like the laws of gravity or quantum mechanics .
These laws and properties and fundamental properties do n't explain in terms of anything else .
Instead , you think of fundamental people , and that 's what the world is built .
Sometimes , the list of the fundamental is <unk> .
In the 19th century Maxwell has discovered that you ca n't explain electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts , space , time , mass , Newton 's laws . And he applied the basic laws of electromagnetism , and applied the electric burden of a fundamental concept that those laws govern .
I think that 's the situation that we have with consciousness .
If you ca n't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas , space , time , mass , load , then by logic , you have <unk> the list .
The most natural thing would be to <unk> awareness as a fundamental thing , a fundamental brick of nature .
This does n't mean all of a sudden is not the object of science .
It opens up the path to scientifically manage .
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness , the laws that connect with other fundamental concepts : space , time , mass , processes , physical processes .
Now , physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws that we could override them in a <unk> .
The situation of consciousness is something like that .
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we could stamping them on a t-shirt .
We still do n't know what laws are , but that 's what we 're looking for .
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal .
Every system can have a degree of consciousness .
This vision sometimes is called <unk> : Pan , for everybody , `` <unk> , '' every system is conscious , not only humans , dogs , mice , flies , even the microbes from Rob Knight , the elementary particles .
Even a photon has some degree of consciousness .
The idea is not that photons are smart or think .
It 's not that a photon can be full of heartbreak when you think , `` Oh , always traveling at the speed of light .
I can never slow down and smell the pink . ''
No , so no .
But the thought is that perhaps photons can have some element of raw , subjective feeling , some primitive precursor to consciousness .
This may sound a little bit crazy for you .
How did anybody think something so crazy ?
Part of this comes from the first crazy idea , that consciousness is fundamental .
If it 's fundamental , like space , time and mass , it 's natural to assume that it can also be universal , just like the others .
It 's also worth noticing that although the idea is <unk> , it 's much less for the people of different cultures , where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature .
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the most simple and powerful , powerful ways of finding fundamental laws that make sense of thinking with the physical process , is <unk> awareness with information .
Whenever there 's information processing , there 's consciousness .
So I 'm going to build complex <unk> , like a human being , consciousness .
So the simple information <unk> , simple awareness .
Something very exciting is that in recent years , a neuroscientist , <unk> <unk> , took this kind of theory and developed it with mathematical methods .
It has a mathematical measure of information integration , which is called <unk> , which measures the degree of information integrated into a system .
And it 's supposed to be able to do with consciousness .
So in a human brain , there 's an incredible degree of information integration , a high degree of <unk> , a lot of consciousness .
In a mouse there is an average degree of information integration , just as significant as significant as significant awareness of consciousness .
But when you get to the worms , microbes , particles , the degree of <unk> <unk> .
The level of information integration is lower , but it 's not zero .
In the <unk> theory , there will still be a different level of awareness .
It actually suggests a fundamental law of consciousness : high degree of <unk> , high degree of consciousness .
Also , another reason is that <unk> can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world .
The physicists and philosophers have often observed that physics is curiously abstract .
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations , but it does n't talk about the truth behind the bottom .
As Stephen Hawking explains , `` Where does the equations come out ? ''
From vision , the equations of physics can be left as they are , but you can use it to describe the flow of consciousness .
That 's what physicists do basically , describe the flow of consciousness .
According to this vision , consciousness is the one that puts fire in the equations .
In that vision , consciousness is not outside the physical world as an additive species .
It 's right there in the center .
This vision , I think , <unk> vision , has the potential to deal with our relationship with nature , and can have social and ethical outcomes .
Some can be <unk> .
I used to think that I was n't supposed to eat anything that had consciousness , so I had to be a vegetarian .
If you 're a <unk> and you accept that vision , you 'll have a lot of hunger .
I think that thinking about it well , this tends to transform your visions , whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral belief is not both the fact of consciousness , but its importance and its complexity .
It 's also natural to ask about consciousness in other systems , like computers .
What about the artificial intelligence system in the movie `` <unk> '' ?
Is it conscious ?
According to the vision of <unk> information , she has a complicated information processing , so that the answer is yes , if it 's conscious .
If this is right , you get serious ethical problems about the ethic of the developing computer systems and the ethics of <unk> .
Finally , you can ask for the consciousness of whole collective collective , the planet .
Canada has its own consciousness ?
Or a more local level , an integrated group , like the audience at a TED Talk , right now , we have a collective collective consciousness , an inner film for this full TED group , different from the inner movies in each of the parts ?
I do n't know the answer to that question , but I think that at least is a question that you should take seriously .
So this <unk> vision is a radical vision , and I do n't know if it 's right .
I 'm actually sure the first crazy idea , that consciousness is a fundamental thing , that the second one that is universal .
The vision raises a lot of questions , many challenges , like , how those little bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness that we know and love .
If we can answer those questions , then I think we 're going to the right path towards a theory of serious consciousness .
If not , well , this is probably the most difficult problem of science and philosophy .
We ca n't wait to solve it overnight .
But I think we will finally find it .
Understanding consciousness is the real key , I think , to understand the universe and to understand ourselves .
Maybe we just need the crazy idea .
Thank you .
I grew up in a small <unk> village .
I had a very normal profile , a <unk> profile .
I went to school , I was obsessed with my friends , <unk> me with younger sisters .
It was all very normal .
And when I was 15 years old , a member of my community came to my parents because I wanted to recruit a community 's prize .
And my parents said , `` Well , that 's very nice , but there 's an obvious problem .
She actually has nothing done . '' And she was right .
I went to school , I had good grades . After school , I had a <unk> profile in my mother 's hair , and I spent a lot of time looking at the series of `` <unk> the <unk> '' and `` <unk> 's Creek . ''
Yes , I know . What contradiction .
But they were right .
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all .
Nothing that can be considered as an achievement if we take the disability out of the equation .
Years later , I was in the second part of teaching in a high school in Melbourne , just after about 20 minutes in the middle class 11 , a young guy raised his hand and said , `` Hey , when are you going to give your speech ? ''
And I said , `` What about speech ? ''
Well , I 'd been talking about the law of defamation law for about good 20 minutes .
And he said , `` You know , your motivational speech .
When people on the wheelchair , they talk about things like <unk> in school ? ''
`` Usually in the classroom . ''
And that was when I realized , `` This child had had experiences with disabilities like inspiration .
And we 're not . And it 's not a kid 's fault , that 's true for many of us .
For us , disabled people are not our teachers or our doctors or our <unk> .
We 're not real people . We are there to inspire .
And , in fact , I 'm on this stage , which I 'm going to do in this wheelchair , and probably you 're waiting for them to inspire you . Right ? Yes .
Well , ladies and gentlemen , I 'm afraid of dramatically .
I 'm not here to <unk> .
I 'm here to tell you that we have lied to disability .
Yes , we have sold the lie that disability is something <unk> , A capital , a capital M .
It 's a bad thing and living with a disability that makes you remarkable .
It 's not a bad thing , and it does n't make you fantastic .
And over the last few years , we 've been able to spread even more this lie through social media .
You may have seen images like this : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one : `` Your excuse is <unk> . ''
Or this one : `` Before I abandon , <unk> ! ''
These are just a couple of examples , but there 's a lot of them .
You may have seen one , you know , the child without a pencil , drawing with a pencil in your mouth .
You may have seen a kid who runs with carbon fiber legs .
And there 's a lot of these images , which are what we call porn inspiration .
And I use the deliberately porn porn term , because I 'm going to attract a group of people to benefit from another group of other people .
So in this case , I 'm going to bring the disabled in the benefit of people without disability .
The purpose of these images is to inspire them , push them , so that we can see them and think , `` Well , because it 's my life , it might be worse .
I could be that person . ''
But if you 're that person ?
I 've lost the account of the number of times that I 've been striving for strangers to express that believe that I am brave or an inspiration source , and this was happening before my work had a public profile .
It was like I got to get up in the morning and remember my own name . And this is <unk> .
These images , those images are brought to people with disabilities in the benefit of people without disability .
They 're there for you to see them and think that things are n't so bad for you , or to put your concerns in perspective .
And life as a disabled person is really hard .
It 's going to look at some things .
But the things we overcome are not the things that you can think of .
They 're not related to our bodies .
I use the term `` disabled , '' deliberately because I 'm called the so-called social model of disability , which tells us that we 're more disabled because of the society that we live in because of our bodies or diagnostics .
So I 've lived in this body for a long time .
I 'm very excited about it .
It makes the things that I need to do , and I 've learned to get the best of your capacity as well as you do , and that 's what happens with the kids in those photos as well .
They 're not doing anything outside .
They 're just using their bodies by taking the best of their ability .
So it 's really just <unk> in the way that we do it , by sharing those images ?
When people say , `` You 're an inspiration source , '' it tells you as a compliment .
And I know why it happens .
It 's because of the lie , because we have sold this lie that disability makes us remarkable .
And honestly , it does n't .
And I know what you 're thinking .
I 'm here <unk> the inspiration , and you think , `` Oh God , you 're not at times inspired by something ? ''
And actually , I know I am .
I learn other people with disabilities at all time .
Yet I do n't learn that I 'm more lucky than them .
And I learn that this is a great idea , I 'm going to use a bunch of barbecue poo to pick up the things that get me out . So I learn the clever trick of how to charge the battery on the chair of the chair .
Great .
We learn about the force and resistance of others , not against our bodies and our diagnoses , but against a world that <unk> and <unk> us .
I really believe that that lie that have sold us about disability is the biggest injustice .
It makes us hard life .
And that quote : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude , '' the reason that that 's lie is because it 's not true , because of the social model of disability .
A lot of smiles at a stretch of stairs has n't done it to become a ramp .
Never . <unk> to a TV screen wo n't get the subtitles .
It was also not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and considering a positive attitude turning all those books into braille .
It 's just not going to happen .
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception , but the norm .
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl , sitting in his bedroom watching `` <unk> the <unk> <unk> '' is not considered not to be considered to be in a chair .
I want to live in a world where we do n't have so low expectations of people with disability that we 're getting to stand up with the bed and remember our names in the morning .
I want to live in a world where we value genuine achievement of people with disabilities , and I want to live in a world where a child at 11 grade high school is not a little surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair user .
disability does n't make us remarkable , but question what you think you know about what you do .
Thank you .
What do you have to look at augmented reality and football , with empathy ?
And what is the average speed of a swallow without a load ?
Now , unfortunately , I just answer one of those questions , so , please , it 's not <unk> .
When people think about augmented reality , you think about `` Minority Report '' and Tom Cruise flying hands in the air , but augmented reality is not science fiction .
augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it , and people need to know , because augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones .
So how do we get to augmented reality ?
The first step is what I 'm wearing : Google Glass Glass .
I 'm sure many of you are familiar with them .
What you may not know is that Google Glass are a device that lets you see what I see .
It will allow you to experience what is a professional athlete in the field .
Right now , the only way to be in the field is that I try to <unk> .
I have to use words .
I have to create a framework that you fill with your imagination .
We can use Google Glass , underneath a helmet and knowing what it is to run through the $ 160 field , blood hitting your ears .
We can know that it feels like a <unk> , you know , a <unk> man , trying to <unk> it with everything .
I 've been there and I assure you it 's not nice .
So let 's give you a few videos to show you what is the Google Glass under the helmet and give you an idea of that .
Unfortunately , they 're not images of NFL practices , because the idea of an NFL technology is a submarine rising to the surface , but we do what we can .
So let 's look at a video .
Chris <unk> : Let 's go .
It 's horrible to be <unk> .
A moment . <unk> a little bit .
So ?
Go !
Chris <unk> : As you can see , it 's a <unk> of what 's going to be <unk> in the football field , from the perspective of the <unk> .
You may have noticed that there are people , the rest of the team .
We 've got a video of them from the University of Washington .
<unk> : Mice 54 ! Mice 54 !
Blue 8 , Blue 8 ! Go !
Chris <unk> : This is a little bit more about feeling being in the field , but it has nothing to do with the NFL .
The fans want that experience .
The fans want to be in the field , be their favorite players , and you 've asked me on YouTube and Twitter , `` You can see from the angle of a <unk> field .
Or of a runner ?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with <unk> and Google Glass , how do we get in full of ? How do we bring it to the next level ?
We took it to that level using something called the Rift Rift , which probably many of you already know .
The Rift Valley has been described as the most realistic reality device ever created , and it 's not cheap <unk> .
And I 'm going to show you why , with this video .
Man : Oh , oh !
No , no , no ! I do n't want to keep playing ! No !
Oh , my God ! Ah !
CK : That 's the experience of a man on a roller coaster to fear her life .
What will be the experience of a fan when you put up a movie of Adrian <unk> across the line , laying out of a <unk> with the arm before I run and do a notation ? What will be the experience of a fan fan .
When I can be trained by the court , running through the court , to the bottom of the network , or <unk> by making a smiley stick ?
What 's your experience when it 's going off a mountain to over 100 miles an hour as a Olympic skier ?
Maybe he 's got the sales of diapers for adults .
But this is not still augmented reality .
It 's just virtual reality , <unk> .
How do we achieve augmented reality , <unk> ?
So we would have augmented reality when the coaches , the <unk> and the owners see the information of what people want to see and think , `` How do we use this to improve our teams ?
How do we use it to win games ? ''
Because they always use the technology to win .
They like to win . They give them money .
So , here 's a quick refresher on the NFL technology .
In 1965 , the <unk> of Baltimore , they put a <unk> on his field <unk> to play faster .
They won the Super Bowl that year .
Other teams decided to animate them .
More people saw the party because it was more exciting , faster .
In 1994 , he NFL NFL radios on the <unk> of the field , and then in the walls .
They had more viewers because it was faster , more fun .
In <unk> , imagine that you 're a player coming back to your group , and you see your next move , you 're going to be shown in front of you , in a plastic bombsight that 's taken on . You 're no longer to worry about forgetting a move .
or to memorize the strategy .
They just go out to the field and react .
And the coaches want it because if you do n't follow their instructions , they lose games , and they hate to lose games .
If you lose games as a coach .
And they do n't want that .
But augmented reality is not just an augmented strategies manual .
augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your game play .
How would you do that ?
Well , a very simple option would be to have a camera in every corner of the stadium , having a view from the top of the people who are down .
You also get information from your helmet sensors and <unk> , something that 's already working .
And all of that information is just your players .
The good teams will know it .
The bad guys will have information overload .
This is going to make good teams of bad guys .
So your computer team will be as important as your scouts , and data analysis will stop being nerds .
It 's also for athletes . Who would have imagined it ?
How would it be in the field ?
Imagine that they 're the field of field .
<unk> the ball and <unk> .
<unk> to an open receptor . Suddenly , a flashlight on the left-hand side of your bombsight , you would argue that a defense behind you is to <unk> it . Usually , you would n't see it , but the <unk> system will tell you .
Let 's get into the area of protection .
Another flashlight tells you that there is an open receptor .
<unk> the ball .
And the ball loses the trajectory .
You do n't know where to land , however , the receptor sees it an area of grass that lights up and can modify the race .
It 's coming , he catches the ball , it runs and commit .
The audience gets wild , and the fans have followed the move from each angle .
This is something that will create massive emotion in the game .
I 'm going to make lots of people looking at it , because people want to live that experience .
The fans want to be in the field .
They want to be your favorite player .
augmented reality will be part of the sport because it 's too profitable for not to be .
But what I ask you is : Do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality ?
Are we going to use it just like bread and circus , like our usual entertainment ?
Because I think we can use it for something more .
I think we can use augmented reality to foster empathy in human beings , to show someone how it is , literally , being in another person 's place .
We know what this technology is worth for <unk> .
It generates billions of income a year .
But how much is this technology for a professor in the classroom trying to show you how harmful their actions are from the perspective of the victim ?
How much is this technology for a gay gay man in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how is it being pursued ?
How much is it also for an Hadfield <unk> or Neil <unk> <unk> trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science instead of <unk> and <unk> notes ?
Ladies and gentlemen , augmented reality is about .
The questions we make , the decisions that we face and the challenges that we face , they depend on , as usual .
Thank you .
I recently retire after 23 years of service in the <unk> of California .
Most of those 23 years , I had the country <unk> the southern county in <unk> County , which includes the Golden Gate Bridge .
The bridge is an iconic structure , which is known as its beautiful view of San Francisco , the Pacific Ocean , and its inspirational style .
Unfortunately , it 's also a magnet for suicide , being one of the most used places in the world .
The Golden Gate Bridge was open in 1937 .
Joseph Strauss , engineer head of building the bridge , said that , `` The bridge is practically a proof of suicide .
Home suicide from the bridge is not practical . ''
But from its openness , over 1,600 people have jumped to their death from that bridge .
Some people think that travel between the two towers will bring it to another dimension , this bridge has been idealized as such as that , so that the fall from him releases all of your worries and pain , and the waters that go below <unk> your soul .
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide .
After a free of four to five seconds , the body crashes against water about 120 miles an hour .
The impact breaks out the bones , some of which drill out vital organs .
Most of the people die in the impact .
Those who do n't , usually get stuck in the helpless water and then they drown .
I do n't think that the fact that we had this method of suicide will realize the death of death that they 're going to face .
This is the wire .
Except about the two towers , there are 32 inches of parallel steel to the bridge .
Here 's where most people have gone before they take life .
I can tell you by experience that once the person is on that edge , and in your darker time , it 's very difficult to bring you back .
I took this picture last year while this young woman was talking to a mate looking at his life .
I want to tell you with joy that he had success that day to bring it back over the railing .
When I started working on the bridge , we had no formal training .
It 's going to be able to channel the path through these calls .
This was not just a bad service to those who <unk> suicide , but the officials too .
We 've come a long way since then .
Today , veterans and psychologists train the new officers .
This is Jason <unk> .
I met him on July 22 last year when you get a call from a so-called suicide bomber sitting in the valley near the center .
<unk> , and when I arrived , I looked at Jason speaking with an Golden Gate Bridge .
Jason was only 32 years old and he had flown out here from New Jersey .
In fact , it had flown up here two times before from New Jersey to try to commit suicide from this bridge .
After about one hour , I was talking to Jason , he asked us if we knew the story of Pandora 's box .
<unk> the Greek mythology , <unk> created <unk> , and he sent it to the Earth with a box , and he said , `` Never , never open that box . ''
Well , one day , curiosity was able to Pandora , and she opened the box .
This is what we had pests , sorrows , and all sorts of evils against man .
The only good thing in the box was hope .
So , Jason asked , `` What if you open the box and there 's no hope ? ''
He stopped a few <unk> , leaned on to the right , and it was .
This kind of kind of kind of kind of <unk> of New Jersey in New Jersey had just gotten out of life .
I talked to the parents of Jason that night , and I guess when I was talking to them , it did n't seem to be ringing very well , because the next day , the rabbi 's rabbi called me to see how he was .
The parents of Jason had been asked .
The collateral damage of suicide are affecting a lot of people .
I ask you these questions : What would you do if a member of your family , a friend or loved one were suicidal ?
What would you say ?
Why do you say ?
In my experience , it 's not only about talking , but you have to listen .
Listening to understand .
Not <unk> , <unk> , or tell the person you know how it feels , because you probably do n't know .
Just being there , you can be the tipping point they need .
If you think that someone is suicide , you 're not afraid of <unk> and ask the question .
One way to ask the question is , `` Others in similar circumstances have thought to end up their life ; you 've had these thoughts ? ''
<unk> to the person in front of it can save life and be the turning point for them .
Other signs look like , despair , believe that things are terrible , and they 're never going to be better ; you know , I think there 's nothing you can do about it , social isolation , and a losing interest in life .
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago , and I got an email from a lady , and I 'd like to read you your letter .
She lost his son on the age of January 19 , this year , and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago , and it 's with his permission and blessing that I read .
`` Hello , Kevin . I think you 're at the TED conference .
It must be a whole experience to be there .
I 'm thinking I should go to the bridge this weekend .
I just wanted to leave you a note .
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to your friends who tell your friends and so on .
I 'm still pretty insensitive , but noticing more times to realize that Mike wo n't go home .
Mike was driving from <unk> to San Francisco to see the fruit party with his father on the 19th of January .
He never got there .
I called the police of <unk> and reported it as disappeared that night .
The next morning , two officers came to my house and reported that Mike 's car was down on the bridge .
A witness had seen it jump from the bridge to the <unk> of the day before .
Thank you very much for fighting for those who may be temporarily too much too weak to fight for themselves .
Who has n't been before , without a true mental illness ?
It should not be so easy to end up with it .
My prayers are with you for your fight .
The <unk> , the Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay , not a cemetery .
Good luck this week , <unk> . ''
I ca n't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and walk the path that his son took that day , and also the courage to go ahead .
I 'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value .
On March 11 , 2005 , I replied a radio phone call by a possible subject suicide on the sidewalk north tower .
I 'd been on my bike on the sidewalk and watched this man , Kevin <unk> , standing on the sidewalk .
When he saw me , crossed the railing immediately , and stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower .
For the hour and a half , I heard as Kevin talked about his depression and despair .
Kevin decided for his account that day to go back into that lane and give life another opportunity .
When Kevin came back , he <unk> him .
This is a new beginning , a new life .
But I asked him , `` What did it happen to go back and gave the hope and life another chance ? ''
And you know what he told me ?
He said , `` You 've heard me .
You stopped talking and just heard . ''
Shortly after that incident , I got a letter from the mother of Kevin , and I have that letter with me , and I 'd like to get it to you .
`` Dear Mr. <unk> , nothing erase the Asian 11th events , and you 're one of the reasons why Kevin is still with us .
Honestly , I think Kevin was <unk> .
He 's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it was properly <unk> .
She brought Kevin when I only had six months , completely unconscious from all those traits -- but thank God , we now know .
Kevin is in order , like it says .
We thank God for you .
I 'm really honest with you , <unk> <unk> . ''
And at the end of her , she writes , `` <unk> . When I visited San Francisco 's General Hospital that night , you 're going to be <unk> as the patient .
`` Wow , I had to solve it ! ''
Today , Kevin is a <unk> and active member of society .
He talks openly about the events of that day and their depression with the hope that their story inspiring others .
suicide is not just something that I 've found in work .
It 's personal .
My grandfather killed himself with poison .
That act , despite finishing his own pain , stealing me .
This is what suicide does .
For most people who consider suicide , or those who consider suicide , they would n't think to hurt another person .
They just want its own pain .
Usually , this is achieved only three ways : sleep , drugs or alcohol or death .
In my career , I 've been , and I 've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and suicide calls around the bridge .
Of those incidents I 've been directly involved , I 've only lost two , but those two are too much .
One was Jason .
The other one was a man who was talking about about an hour .
And during that time , I would hold my hand at three times .
On the end , I looked at it , and he said , `` Kevin , I 'm sorry , but I have to go . ''
And he jumped .
Awful , absolutely horrible .
I want to tell you , though , that the vast majority of people that we get to contact with in that bridge are not suicide .
Also , those few who have jumped from the bridge and lived , and that you can talk about it , that one , that one and two percent , most of those people have said that the second one that leave the railing they realized they had made a mistake and they wanted to live .
I tell people , the bridge is not only connected to San Francisco , but also people .
That connection , or the bridge that we do , is something that all and each of us must be used to do .
Terrorists can prevent .
There is help . There 's hope .
Thank you very much .
The world makes you what you 're not , but you know what you are , and a question you ask you , how do you start to become that ?
I must be something unique in that sense , but I 'm not alone , I am alone .
When I became a model I felt that I had ever achieved the dream I had ever had since .
My outside finally <unk> my inner truth , with my inner self .
For complicated reasons , I 'm going to refer to myself later , when I look at this picture , I 'm thinking , I 've got the <unk> , you got it , you got .
But last October , I discovered that , I 'm barely starting .
We 're all facing our families , our religion , our society , our moment in history , even our bodies .
Some of them have the value of free , to get rid of the limitations of the skin or the beliefs of the people around us .
These are people who are always challenging the status quo , which is considered accepted .
In my case , the last nine years , many of my neighbors , many of my friends , my agent even , ignored my story .
I think this puzzle is called revelation .
This is mine .
I was reporting as `` child '' at birth because of the appearance of my genital appearance .
I remember my five years in the Philippines , in my house , I was always wearing this t-shirt in my head .
And my mom asked me , `` Why do you always take that t-shirt on your head ? ''
I said , `` Mom , it 's my hair . I 'm a girl . ''
I knew then how to fix it .
The gender has always considered a unchanging fact , but now we know that , really , is something more complex and mysterious .
Because of my success , I 've never been trying to share my story , not because I thought I 'm a bad thing , but by how the world comes to those of us who want to be free .
Every day I appreciate being a woman .
I have mom , Dad and a family who will embrace me as I am .
Many are not so lucky .
There 's a long tradition in Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender .
There is a Buddhist goddess of compassion .
There 's a Hindu goddess , goddess of <unk> .
And when I was eight , I was at a party in the Philippines that celebrated these mysteries .
I was in front of the stage , and I remember that this beautiful woman appeared in front of me , and I remember that moment as if something happened to me : This is the kind of woman I wanted to be .
And when I was 15 years old , I met this woman called <unk> .
It 's the director of a transgender beauty competition .
That night , she asked me , `` Why do n't you ever participate in the beauty pageant ? ''
He told me that if she was going to be responsible for tuition and costume , and that night , he won in a bathroom suit , he won in my <unk> suit , and he became a third of 40 candidates .
That moment changed my life .
Suddenly , I was inside the world of beauty beauty .
Not many people can say that their first work was the Queen of transgender women , but I can .
I also met the goddess of <unk> , especially when we traveled to remote provinces of the Philippines .
But more importantly , I met my best friends in that community .
In 2001 , my mom , who had moved to San Francisco , called me and told me that they passed my request from the green card that I could go to live in America .
I was resistant .
I said to my mother , `` Mommy , I 'm having fun .
I 'm here with friends , I like to travel and be a beauty queen . ''
But then two weeks later , he called me and said , `` You know that if you heard the United States , you can change the name and your gender identity ? ''
It was all I needed to hear .
My mom suggested that I would put two `` and '' to my name .
She also stayed with me when I was operated in Thailand at age 19 .
It 's curious that in some of the most rural cities of Thailand will do the most sophisticated , sophisticated surgeries , sophisticated and secure .
At that time in the United States , it was necessary to do surgery before the name and gender .
So , in 2001 , I went to San Francisco , and I remember looking at the driver 's license with the <unk> and the `` F '' of women .
It was a great moment .
For some people , their identity document means power to drive or be able to get a drink , but to me was the license to live , to feel worthy .
Suddenly , my fears were seen .
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York , and be model .
Many are not so lucky .
I think of this woman of <unk> <unk> <unk> .
A young woman in New York who was living in living his truth , but that , <unk> , he put his end .
For many of my community , that 's the reality that they live .
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population .
All 20 of November we make a global vigil by <unk> Day .
I 'm on this stage , thanks to a long story of people who <unk> and stood in front of injustice .
These are Marsha Johnson Johnson and Sylvia <unk> .
Today , right now , I 'm coming out of the closet .
I ca n't continue to live my truth and only for me .
I want to do the best to help others live without shame , fear .
I 'm here , <unk> , for some day there 's no longer 20 than 20 .
My deeper truth took me to accept what I am .
Will you ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you , thank you . Kathryn Schulz : <unk> , a quick question .
<unk> <unk> : Sure . You know first , thank you all of my blessings .
To my support network , my parents , especially , to my family , who is very strong .
I remember all the times I 've been to trans young women , which I intend , and sometimes when they called me and told me that their parents could n't embrace it . I took the phone , he called my mom and said , `` Mommy , can you call this woman ? ''
Sometimes it worked , others not . It 's just about gender identity , that 's what 's at the center of what we are , right ?
I mean , we all gave ourselves a gender at birth , and what I 'm trying to do is put on the table , the theme that sometimes that allocation does n't block , and that there should be a space that would allow people to come out , and this is a conversation that we should have with parents , with colleagues .
The transgender movement is <unk> compared to the gay movement .
There 's still a lot of work to do .
There should be understanding .
There should be a space for curiosity and ask questions , and I hope you all be my allies .
KS : Thank you . Very nice . <unk> : Thank you .
In many of the societies , patriarchal and tribal , parents are generally familiar with their kids , but I 'm one of the few parents who are known to her daughter , and I 'm proud of it .
<unk> started his campaign by defending their rights in 2007 , and when his efforts was <unk> in 2011 , when his efforts was held in 2011 , he became very famous , a very popular girl in his country .
Before that , I was my daughter , but now I 'm his father .
Ladies and gentlemen , if you look at the history of humanity , the story of women is the history of injustice , of inequality , of violence and exploitation .
You see , in patriarchal societies , just from the beginning , when at birth of a child , your birth is not celebrated .
It 's not welcome , not by your father , not for their mother .
The neighborhood is coming , gives her their mother to the mother and nobody <unk> the father .
And a mother will take a lot to have a child .
When you give birth to the first child , the first child , he gets sad .
When he gives birth to the second daughter , they were <unk> , and with the hope of a son , when you put his third daughter , he feels guilty as a criminal .
Not only does the mother suffer , but the daughter 's newborn , when it grows , it suffers as well .
At the age of five , when I should go to school , they stay home and school with his brothers .
Up to age 12 , somehow , it has a good life .
You can have fun .
You can play with your friends in the street , and it can move through the streets as a butterfly .
But when it comes into adolescence , when it 's 13 years old , you have to alert me to leave your house without a male <unk> .
It 's confined to the four walls of their house .
It 's no longer a free person .
It becomes called the honor of his father and his family and his family , and if you <unk> the code of that honor , he could even kill .
And it 's interesting that this assumption of honor , it does n't just affect the life of a girl , but it also affects the lives of male members of the family .
So this brother , <unk> the joys of their life and happiness in the name of of course .
And there 's a more standard of patriarchal societies called obedience .
A good girl must be very quiet , very humble and very <unk> .
It 's the criteria .
The model of a good girl must be <unk> .
It 's supposed to be silent and support the decisions of their father and their mother and the decisions of the elderly , even if you do n't want .
If you get married with a man who does n't like or if you get married with an old man , he has to accept it , because it does n't want to be seen of <unk> .
If the very young marry , he has to accept it .
Otherwise , <unk> <unk> .
And what happens in the end ?
In the words of a poet : `` <unk> , <unk> , and then gives birth to more sons and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother , <unk> the same lesson of obedience to her daughter and the same lesson of honor to his children .
And this vicious cycle continues and continues .
And then you get brothers and sisters , when he was born <unk> , and for the first time , believe me , I do n't like newborns , to be honest , but when I was there and looked in his eyes , believe me , I was extremely honored .
And so much before I was born , I thought in his name , and I was fascinated with a feisty <unk> of freedom in Afghanistan .
His name was <unk> <unk> , and he called my daughter like this .
But when I looked at , they were all men , and I grabbed my pen , and I plotted in a line from my name , and I wrote , `` <unk> . ''
And when she grew up , when she was four and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half years old .
You might ask , why should I mention a child 's admission in a school ?
Yeah , I have mentioning .
You can take it in Canada in Canada , in the United States , in many developed countries , but in the poor countries , in the patriarchal societies , in tribal societies , is a great event for a child 's life .
<unk> in a school means the recognition of his identity and his name .
One admission to school means that it has entered the world of dreams and aspirations that can explore their potential for their future life .
I 've got five sisters , and none of them could go to school , and they would be surprised , two weeks before , when I was attending the Canadian visa form , and I was in the relative part of the family , I could n't remember the family of some of my sisters .
And the reason I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document .
That was why I value my daughter .
What my father could n't give my sisters and my daughters , I thought I had to change it .
I used to appreciate the intelligence and my daughter 's <unk> .
You 're going to sit down with me when my friends came to see me .
The encouraged to go with me to get me to different meetings .
And all of these values , I 've tried to deal with her personality .
And this was n't just for her , just to <unk> .
I 've got all these good values in my school to girls and boys alike .
I used education for the emancipation .
I taught my daughters , taught students , to forget the lesson of obedience .
I taught students to forget the lesson of called <unk> .
They took brothers and sisters , we fought for more rights for women , and we fought for more and more space for women in society .
But we met a new phenomenon .
It was deadly for human rights and , in particular , for women 's rights .
It was called <unk> .
That means a complete denial of the participation of women in all the political , economic and social activities .
Hundreds of schools were lost .
The girls were banned to school .
Women were forced to use <unk> and let markets go .
Musicians were silenced , the musicians <unk> and the singers were killed .
<unk> millions , but a few people talked , and it was terrifying to have around those people who kill and <unk> when you talk for their rights .
It 's really frightening .
At the age of 10 , <unk> stood up and got up on the right to education .
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog , she offered himself for the New York Times documentaries , and he talked about every platform he could .
And his voice was the most powerful voice .
It 's <unk> as a <unk> around the world .
And that was why the Taliban could not tolerate his campaign and October nine , 2012 , shot <unk> in his head .
It was a <unk> day for my family and me .
The world became a big black hole .
While my daughter was <unk> between life and death , I whispered into his ear to my wife , `` Do I have to get him for what happened to my daughter , your daughter ? ''
And <unk> said to me , `` Please , you do n't get bored .
Let 's get the cause .
It takes your life into play because of the truth of the truth , because of the cause of peace , and by the cause of education , and your daughter was inspired by you and joined you .
Both of them were on the right way and God will protect . ''
These few words were going to take a lot to me , and I did n't think again .
When he was in the hospital and he had severe pain and strong headaches because his facial nerves was cut , I used to see a dark shadow that was touched by my wife 's face .
But my daughter never complained .
I used to tell you , `` I 'm fine with my smile and the <unk> in my face .
I 'm okay . Please do n't worry . ''
It was a solace for us , and we 're going to get rid of it .
She scans brothers and sisters , we 've learned from her how to resist the most difficult moments , and I 'm happy to share with you that despite being an icon for children 's rights and women , it 's like any 16 girl 's rights .
<unk> when it does n't end up .
He 's fighting his brothers , and I 'm very happy about that .
People ask me , `` What is special about my mentoring that has done so bold to <unk> so brave , expressive and <unk> ? ''
I tell you , do n't ask me what I did .
I did n't .
I did n't cut his wings , and that 's all .
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you .
I was <unk> of the brain 18 years ago , and since that day , the science of the brain has become a personal passion .
I 'm an engineering engineering .
And I want to tell you that I recently recently joined the <unk> group , where I 've had a <unk> in my charge -- the Google <unk> visualization , but all the work that I 'm talking about today about science of the brain , I did before I joined Google or outside of my work there .
Having said this , there is a stigma when you were going to a brain operation .
Are you still as smart or not ?
If you 're not , will you be able to be smart ?
After neurosurgery , I was missing a part of the brain , and I had to live with it .
It was n't gray matter , but it was the dead part of the center that creates major hormones and neurotransmitters .
Immediately after the operation , I had to decide how much to take , over a dozen chemicals every day , because if I did n't take anything , I would die in a few hours .
Every day , for the last 18 years , I 've had to decide about combinations and mixes of chemicals , and try to get it , to keep in life .
Over once I 've been saved by little .
But luckily , I have soul soul , so I decided to do that to try to get the <unk> dose , because it really does n't have a clear map that tells you in <unk> .
I started to try and mix them together different , and I was surprised by seeing how small changes in the dose changed dramatically my <unk> , my sense of who I was , my way to think about , my behavior with the others .
A particularly awesome case : for a few months , I tried standard dose and chemical , and I was surprised to see how my thoughts changed .
I was always angry , I was thinking about all the time in sex , and I thought I was the smartest person around the world , and ... -- of course , many times in the past I 've met several types of guys , or maybe some versions of it .
It turned out as a extreme .
But my great surprise was that I was n't trying to be arrogant .
In fact , I was trying , a little bit insecure , fixing a problem that I had in front of , and it just did n't happen like that .
So , I could n't handle it .
I changed my dose .
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through . I 've been better at the time with men .
What it was trying to do is I would fit those hormones and they neurotransmitters , and so on , it was back my intelligence after the disease and the operation -- my creative thinking , my flow of ideas .
I used to think about most of the images , and that became my key reference point : How do you get these mental images that I use to create <unk> , my ideas , if you want , create new ideas and <unk> situations .
This kind of thinking is n't new .
<unk> as Hume , Descartes and Hobbes , see things in a similar way .
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing .
There are a lot of the people who challenge this idea , and there are a lot of discussions about how the mind works . For me , it 's simple : for most of us , the mental images are fundamental to the <unk> and inventive thinking .
So after several years , I 'm going to find the point right , and I 've got lots of great mental <unk> , really <unk> , very sophisticated and <unk> .
Now , I 'm working on how to bring these mental images together , from my mind to the computer screen .
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director would be able to use its imagination only to drive the world that 's got in front of it ?
Or if a musician could get the music out of his head ?
There are amazing possibilities with this , as the way that creative people can get to share the speed of light .
And the truth is , the only difficulty in order to do this is simply increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems .
Let me show you why I think we 're pretty close to this with two recent experiments that were done by two recent groups in neuroscience .
They both used MRI technology , an MRI image , to represent the brain , and you can see the brain scan done by <unk> <unk> and his colleagues at Harvard .
The column on the left shows the brain scan of a person who looks at an image .
The media column shows the brain scan of that same individual as he imagined , looking at that same image .
The column on the right is actually created by the content of the central column on the left . You see that the difference is almost .
This is repeated in many different individuals with lots of different images , always with a similar outcome .
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same image is almost about .
Now , let me share with you another experiment . This is from Jack <unk> 's lab in Berkeley , California .
They were able to turn the brain waves into at-risk fields .
Let 's go this way .
In this experiment , he showed the people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while their brains were moving to create a big pool of reactions in the brain to video sequences .
Then , I showed you a film with new images , new people , new animals , and while they were so <unk> a new scan .
The computer , using just the brain information , of the scan of the scan to show what seemed like the person was seeing .
On the right you can see your computer 's privacy , and on the left , the video that I showed you .
This was told .
We 're okay close to that .
We just need to improve resolution .
And now , remember , when you see an image , and when you imagine that same image , it 's created in the brain the same mapping .
This was done with the <unk> brain scan systems that are available today , and its resolution became a thousand times in the last few years .
Now we need to increase the resolution of a thousand times more to get a deeper look .
How did we do that ?
There 's a lot of techniques to do it .
One is opening up the skull and introduce electrodes .
I do n't offer that .
Many of them are proposing new projection techniques to images , even me , with the recent MRI result , first we need to ask the following , this technology will be the end of the road ?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger magnets , but at this point , magnets more <unk> are just providing small improvements in resolution , not for thousands as we need .
I propose this idea : instead of larger magnets , let 's make better magnets .
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different arrangements , like making a <unk> .
And why does this matter to us ?
In the last few years , a huge amount of effort on MRI was to make big magnets , right ?
However , most of the advances in recent advances in <unk> and brilliant solutions in coding and <unk> , in transmitters and receivers of FM radio in MRI systems .
At once , instead of a uniform magnetic field , we use magnetic fMRI patterns attached to the FM radio frequencies .
So when we combine magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FM radio processing , we can actually increase the information that can come out in a single scan .
Also , we can then divide in layers of our growing knowledge of the brain and memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need .
By using this fMRI , we should be able to measure not just the blood of <unk> , but the hormones and <unk> that I mentioned , and perhaps even the direct neural activity . This is sleep .
We 're going to be able to put our ideas in a direct way to digital media .
Can you imagine if we could move above language and communicate directly through thinking ?
What would we be able to ?
And how do we learn how to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter ?
You thought the Internet is big .
These are big questions .
It would be irresistible to use it as a tool to amplify our thinking skills and communication skills .
Certainly , this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer 's and diseases .
We 've got little choices to open this door .
So anyway , pick up a year , will happen in five or 15 years ?
It 's hard to imagine that it will take much more .
We have to learn how to give this step together .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you tonight about getting out of the closet , and not just the gay closet , not just the gay closet .
I think we all have visitors .
Your closet is perhaps to tell some person for the first time you love it or tell someone who 's pregnant , or tell someone who has cancer , or any other difficult conversation that you have gone through in life .
And all of the closet is a tough conversation , and even though our topics can vary tremendously , the experience of having lived , and I have come out of that closet .
It 's scary , and we do n't like it , and it must happen .
Many years ago , I worked in the South Side of <unk> <unk> , a restaurant in the city , and I was there , I had to go through several phases of the intensity of <unk> <unk> : I did n't look at my armpits , I quote the letters of <unk> Say Franco as a litany .
And I 'm dependent on that by the <unk> of my short pants , and I had my head my head , I would n't know , I would say , `` Hey , you 're a kid or girl ? ''
And he would show a little bit uncomfortable at the table .
I got my jaw a little bit more , I would take my coffee with a leave of anger .
The father <unk> <unk> the newspaper and mother launched a cold look at his son .
But I would n't say anything , and let 's go inside .
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years , I was ready to fight .
And that 's a terrible feeling .
So I promised myself that the next time I would say something .
I would have that hard conversation .
So after a few weeks , it happened again .
Are you a boy or a girl ?
A familiar silence , but this time I was ready , and I was about to get into the women 's issues on the table . I had the quotes of Betty <unk> .
Now , quote from Gloria Steinem .
Even one fragment of the `` Vagina Monologues '' that showed .
And then I would take a deep breath down , and I went down and my back a four-year-old girl with a pink dress , staring at me , is not a challenge for a feminist scholar , just a little girl with a question , `` You 're young or girl ? ''
So I was breathing a breath back , and I got a lot of a lot about it , and I said , `` Hey , I know this is something confusing .
I have the short hair like a kid , and I saw a kid 's clothes , but I 'm a girl , and you know , as you like to use a pink dress , and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas .
Well , I 'm more of the kind of girl in a comfortable rock . ''
And that girl looked at me , paying attention , and he said , `` My favorite pajamas is purple and it has a fish .
Can you give me a <unk> , please ? ''
And that was all . Just `` Ah , <unk> are a girl .
What about the <unk> that I asked ? ''
It was the easiest conversation that I ever had .
And why ? Because the girl in the <unk> and I , both , we were honest with one another .
So as many of us , I 've lived in some creatures in my life , and yes , often my walls used to be a rainbow .
But within the dark , you ca n't know what color is .
You just know how a feeling feels like living in a closet .
It 's like my closet is not different than you or yours or yours .
Surely , I 'll give you a hundred reasons why I get out of my closet was more difficult to get out of his , but this is the thing : how hard it is not relative .
<unk> is hard .
Who can tell me to explain to someone who has declared in broken banking , is more difficult to tell him it 's been fooled ?
Who can tell me that this story that I 'm telling is more difficult to tell your five-year-old son who are going to get divorced ?
There 's no more difficult thing , there 's only how hard it is .
We have to stop classifying what is difficult to be hard about what 's difficult to make another person to make us feel better or worse in relation to our fears , and we should only feel empathy because we all live something difficult .
At some point in our lives , we all live in cabinet , and they can make them feel security , or at least the security that 's offering the other side of the door .
But I 'm here to tell you that no matter what their walls are , a closet is not a place to live .
Thank you . Imagine yourself 20 years ago .
I , who had a horse tail , a dress and my feet tall .
I was n't militant lesbian <unk> for any child four years to get into coffee .
I was frozen by fear , <unk> in a corner of my dark closet , <unk> my gay grenade , and the moving only one muscle is the most scary thing I ever had .
My family , my friends , full strangers that I 've spent my whole life trying to do not be disappointed , and now the world would turn around .
He was burning the pages of a script that we 've all followed for so long , but if you do n't toss that grenade , kill you .
One of my most memorable grenade launches was on my sister 's wedding wedding .
It was the first time a lot of guests in the guests knew that I was gay , and when I do my lady 's career , in my black dress and heels . I walked around the tables and finally came to one where my parents ' friends were , people who knew me about it .
And after talking a moment , one of the women shouted , `` I love Nathan Lane ! ''
And the battle of the gay account had begun .
`` <unk> , ever was you ever in the Castro ? ''
`` Well , yeah , the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco . ''
`` Well , we 've never gone there , but we 've heard that it 's fabulous . ''
`` <unk> , meet me , meet my naked tooth ? ''
It 's very good and it has never talked about a girlfriend . ''
`` <unk> , what 's your favorite TV show ? ''
Our favorite program ? Will and Grace .
And you know who love ? Jack .
And Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman , <unk> , but I expect to desperately show her support , to make me know that I was on my side , he finally said , `` Well , sometimes my husband 's pink shirts . ''
And I had an opportunity at the time , like you have all the Scud launchers .
Surely , it might have been easy to indicate where they felt <unk> .
It 's not very difficult to find them and realize the fact that they were <unk> .
And what else can you ask someone , but try ?
If you 're going to be authentic with somebody , you have to be prepared for the authentic thing you get .
That 's how hard conversations remain without my strong dot .
Ask anybody who I have left .
But I 'm getting better , and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Girl <unk> .
Now , please look at this through the gay perspective , but understand that what it involves getting out of any closet is essentially the same .
Number one : Sean authentic .
Take armor . Be yourself .
That girl in the coffee did n't have armor but I was ready for the battle .
If you want somebody to be genuine , the others have to know that we also suffer .
Number two : Be direct . You just shake your patches .
If you know that they 're gay , you 're going to get it .
If you say to your parents who may be gay , they will maintain the hope that that might change .
Do n't give them a sense of hope .
And number three , and more important -- let 's let the complex .
You communicate your truth .
It would never be touched by that .
And some of them can be wounded , they 're going to get rid of what they 've done , but I never excuse what they are .
And yeah , maybe some of you may feel disappointed , but that 's something in them , not in you .
Those are the expectations of them about what you are , but not yours .
That 's the story of them , but not of you .
The only story that matters is that you want to write .
So next time you find in a dark closet , a grenade , you must know that we 've all been there before .
And you may feel very lonely , but they 're not .
Thank you , Boulder . Enjoy the evening .
Intelligence , what is that ?
If you look at the story of how intelligence has seen , a productive example has been the famous quote by <unk> <unk> that `` The question of whether a machine can think is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can swim . ''
When <unk> <unk> wrote this as a critique of computing pioneers as Alan Turing .
And so a few years ago , I took a program to try to understand the underlying fundamental physical mechanisms of intelligence .
So let 's go back a step .
So let 's first start with a mental experiment .
Imagine that they 're from an alien race , who do n't know anything about the biology of the Earth and the neuroscience of the Earth , but they have incredible telescopes , and you can look at the Earth , and they have incredibly long lives , so you can look at Earth for millions , even billions of years .
And you see a very strange effect .
Of course , as Earthlings , we know that the reason we are trying to save ourselves .
We 're trying to avoid an impact .
But if you 're from an alien race that does n't know anything about this , that it does n't have any concept on Earth 's intelligence , you would have to be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how to , until some time in time , the asteroids that <unk> the surface of a mysteriously planet stopped .
And so I claim that this is the same question as understanding the physical nature of intelligence .
So in this program that took place several years ago , I looked at a variety of issues through science , across various disciplines , that pointed out , I think , to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence .
In cosmology , for example , there 's been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be adjusted to the development of intelligence , and in particular , for the development of universal states that will undermine the diversity of possible future .
Finally , in the planning of robotic movement , there 's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action with the end of doing complex tasks .
And so , taking all these different subjects and <unk> together , I asked , for several years , is there an underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we can extract from all these different issues ?
Is there only an equation for intelligence ?
And I think the answer is . What you 're looking at is probably the closest equivalent to a E = <unk> for the intelligence that I have seen .
So what you 're seeing here is a claim that intelligence is a force , F , which acts in order to maximize future freedom of action .
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action , or keeping choice open , with the diversity of possible future accessible , yes , to an impending future , a chance .
In a nutshell , intelligence does n't like it to be trapped .
The intelligence tries to maximize future freedom of action and maintaining open choices .
And so , having on account this equation , it 's natural to ask : What can you do with this ?
How hell is it ?
Are the level of human intelligence ?
Does artificial intelligence ?
So I 'm going to show you now a video that I think , I 'll show some of the amazing applications of this simple equation .
Narrator : <unk> research in cosmology have suggested that the universes that produce more disorder , or `` entropy , '' during their life , they should have tendency to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us .
But what happens if that cosmological connection <unk> between entropy and intelligence will make a deeper relationship ?
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with production of entropy in the long run , but actually emerges from it ?
To find out , we 've developed a software engine called <unk> , designed to maximize the production of entropy in any system that it finds inside .
Amazingly , <unk> could spend multiple animal tests , playing human games , and they even earn money by trading actions , all of that without it to do that .
Here are some examples of <unk> in action .
Just like a human foot without falling over , here we see <unk> <unk> automatically a pole using a cart .
This behavior is remarkable partly because we never gave them a goal .
He simply decided for his own to balance the pole .
This ability of balance will have applications for robotics robotics and human assistance technologies .
This ability to use tools in smart manufacturing and agriculture .
Also , just like some other animals can cooperate throwing opposite extremes of a rope at the same time to unlock food , here we see that <unk> can do a version of the model of that task .
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields .
<unk> is widely applicable in a variety of domains .
So , for example , here we see successfully playing a game for yourself against itself , we will take their potential for play .
So here we 're looking at <unk> new connections in a social network where friends are constantly constantly and keeps the network right connected .
This same ability to <unk> network also has applications in health care , energy and intelligence .
So here we see <unk> the routes of a fleet of ships , discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal to expand its reach from the Atlantic to the Pacific .
In the same way , <unk> is widely applicable in defense in defense , logistics and transportation .
Finally , here we see <unk> spontaneously discovering and running a <unk> strategy , <unk> in a simulated <unk> series , successfully increasing assets under their exponentially .
This risk management ability will have vast applications in finance and insurance applications .
Alex <unk> : What you 've seen is that a variety of behavioral behaviors of intelligent cognitive behaviors such as using tools , walking upright and social cooperation , all derive from one single equation , which leads to a system to maximize its future freedom of action .
Now , here 's a deep irony .
Let 's go back to the beginning of the term called the robot <unk> , the work `` <unk> , '' there was always the concept that if you 're making smart machines , there would have a cyber rebellion .
Machines would raise us .
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all these decades , we 've had the whole concept of cyber rebellion to reverse .
It 's not the machines first become smart and then <unk> and trying to take over the world .
It 's all the opposite , the momentum of taking control of all future possible is a fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence , that general intelligence can actually emerge from taking control , rather than it 's backwards .
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the target .
I 'm often asked , how do we look for goals come apart from this kind of framework ?
My equivalent of that statement to go to the descendants to help them build artificial intelligences or to help them understand human intelligence , is the following : intelligence must be viewed as a physical process , trying to maximize future freedom of action and avoid restrictions on their own future .
Thank you very much .
We 're at an inflection point in human history , something between the conquest of the stars and losing the planet that we call home .
Although , in the last few years , we 've really extended our knowledge of how Earth works in the context of the universe .
The Kepler integration of NASA has discovered thousands of possible planets that orbit other stars , what points to Earth is only one of the billions of planets in our galaxy .
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the dim light intensity of stars when the planets go ahead of them , and they jam a little bit of that light that comes to us .
The data gathered by Kepler shows the size of the planets besides the distance between them and their mother star .
And together , it helps us to understand whether these planets are small and resilient like the Earth planets from our solar system , and also the amount of light that they get from their suns .
It gives you clues about whether these planets that we find are habitable or not .
Unfortunately , as we find this treasure of worlds of potentially habitable , our own planet is <unk> under the weight of humanity .
The year 2014 was the hottest record .
<unk> and sea ice that have been with us for millennia now is disappearing in a matter of decades .
These environmental changes that we 've caused to scale have passed away our ability to disrupt their ability to disrupt their course .
But I 'm not an climate scientist , no astronomer .
I mean , I study the Goldilocks 's <unk> , with the hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet .
You could say , I look for alien opportunities in the housing sector .
Now , as someone very interested in finding life in the universe , I can tell you that the more I look for planets like the Earth , more enjoy our own planet .
Each of these new worlds invites a comparison between the newly discovered planet and the planets that we know better : our solar system .
Let 's take our neighbor , Mars .
Mars is tiny and <unk> and despite being a little further away from the sun , you can be considered a potentially livable thing to prove this by a mission like Kepler .
In fact , it 's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past , and in part , it 's why we study so much to Mars .
Our <unk> like `` Curiosity '' track their surface to look for clues about the origins of life as we know it .
The satellites that orbit , like the <unk> mission , take samples from the atmosphere of Mars , and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their Goldilocks .
Business companies now provide not just short space flights , but also the possibility of living on Mars .
But despite all these <unk> images remind us of the deserts of our planet , places that are linked in our imagination with the <unk> and pioneer ideas , compared to Earth , Mars is a rather terrible place to live .
Let 's take the extension of the <unk> areas of our planet that we still have to colonize , places that are actually <unk> in comparison to Mars .
Even in the most dry and highest places on Earth , air is fresh and full of oxygen sponsored by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away .
I 'm worried about this excitement by the colonization of Mars and other planets pouring with a big and sad shadow : the implication and the belief of some of you that Mars would expect out there to save us from the single planet that we know that it 's really habitable , the Earth .
So I 'm like to like the wheelchair , I 'm deep disagreement with this idea .
There 's a lot of good reasons to go to Mars , but say that Mars will be there to diagnose humanity is how to imagine that the captain of the Titanic will be to us that the captain of the truth will have place later on . Thank you .
But the goals for the insurgent exploration and preservation of Earth are not dominating .
No , they 're actually faces from the same coin : the goal of understanding , preserve and improve life in the future .
The extreme environments in our world look like aliens .
Only you find closer at home .
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces , in the hostile and moral areas of the land , maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that .
Let me leave you with a mental experiment : the Fermi paradox .
Many years ago , Enrico Fermi Enrico Fermi , I asked , to realize that our universe has been around for a long time , and we hope that there were many planets in this universe , we should have found evidence of extraterrestrial life , so far .
Well , where are you ?
Well , one possible solution to the paradox of Fermi is that when civilizations become advanced advanced enough to consider to continue to live between stars , lose the notion of how important the planets is to protect the origin of the planets .
It 's arrogant to think that only the able-bodied colonization will save us from ourselves , but planetary preservation and the wheelchair can work together .
If we really believe in our ability to inform the hostile environments on Mars for the human presence , then we should be able to overcome the task even easier to preserve the Goldilocks 's .
Thank you .
A few years ago , I was holding my own home .
And while I was on the front porch looking in my pockets , I realized he did n't have the keys .
In fact , I could see the window that were at the dining table , where he had left them .
So quickly I tried to open all the other doors and windows , and they were all fine closed .
I thought I 'll call a <unk> , at least I had my cell phone , but at midnight , a <unk> could take a long time to get , and it was cold .
I could n't go back to my friend 's friend of Jeff to spend night because I had a early flight to Europe next to the next morning , and my passport and my suitcase .
<unk> expensive , but it certainly did n't more expensive than a <unk> at night , so I thought , despite the circumstances , I was standing up .
I 'm a training neuroscientist , and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
<unk> cortisol : Your heart rate increases , updating the levels of adrenaline and <unk> .
And when I got to the <unk> counter at the airport , I realized I did n't have my passport .
Well , I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleeping .
And I began to wonder , if there was something that I could do , systems that could put in place , to avoid that bad things happen .
Or at least , if bad things happen , that you will tell the probability of total catastrophe .
So I started thinking about that , but even a month later , my thoughts did n't go .
I was having dinner with my colleague , Danny <unk> , the Nobel Prize winner and a little embarrassed told him that I broke the window , and I had forgotten my passport , and Danny shared with me that he had been practicing something called something called a retrospective <unk> .
It 's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein , who had written this a few years earlier , known as the <unk> .
You all know what <unk> is .
Every time there 's a disaster , a team of experts come and tries to figure out what went wrong , right ?
In the <unk> , like Danny 's explains , you look forward and try to figure out all the things that might go wrong , then you try to figure out what you can do to prevent things out or to minimize the damage .
So what I want to talk about with you is some things we can do in the form of a <unk> .
Some of them are evident , and some of them are not so obvious .
I 'm going to start with the obvious .
In the house , we would take a place for things that are lost easily .
This sounds like common sense and it is , but there 's a lot of science supporting this thesis , based on how our space memory works .
There 's a structure in the brain called hippocampus , which has evolved over thousands of years , to track the location of the key things , where it 's good , where the fish are , which places the <unk> trees , where tribes live and enemies .
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that <unk> in the <unk> of London .
It 's the part of the brain that allows <unk> to find their nuts .
And if you ask if somebody really did the experiment , they cut the <unk> sense of squirrels and still find his nuts .
They did n't use smell , but the hippocampus , that very evolved mechanism in the brain to find things .
But it 's really good for things that do n't move much , not so good for things that move a lot .
This is the reason for losing car keys , goggles and passports .
So at home <unk> a place for the keys , a hook next to the door , maybe a decorative plate .
For his passport , a particular crate .
For his reading glasses , a particular table .
If you take a place , and they 're obsessed with it , your stuff will always be there when you look for them .
What about travel ?
Take with your cellphone a photo of your credit card , license to drive , passport , <unk> by mail in the cloud of the cloud .
If these things are lost or steal them , this can facilitate substitution .
These are some of the most obvious things .
Remember , when you 're under stress , your brain releases cortisol .
<unk> is toxic and <unk> the thought .
So part of the <unk> practice is to recognize that low stress we will not be at the best time , and you have to put the systems on their site .
And there 's perhaps no more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision .
And at some point , we will all be in that situation , to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved one , to help you with a decision .
And so I want to talk about that .
And I 'll talk about a very particular medical condition .
But this is <unk> as a <unk> for all decision-making , and in fact for making financial decisions and social decisions , any kind of decision that you have to take from that you would benefit from a rational assessment of facts .
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says , `` I 've gotten the result of the lab and cholesterol is a little high . ''
Everybody knows that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease , attack the heart , stroke .
So you 're thinking that having high cholesterol is not the best , then the doctor says , `` I 'd like to give you a drug that will help you reduce your cholesterol , a <unk> . ''
And maybe you 've already heard of <unk> , and you know that it 's one of the most prescribed drugs in the world today . It 's even likely that you know people who take them .
So you think , `` Yes , let 's get the <unk> ! ''
But there 's a question that you have to do then , a statistic that you have to ask for that most doctors do n't want to talk , and pharmaceutical companies even .
It 's for <unk> , the number needed to treat .
And what is this , <unk> ?
It 's the number of people who have to take a drug or having a surgery in any medical procedure before you can help a person .
And should you think what kind of statistical statistic is that ?
Number one must be one .
My doctor would n't give me something if not to help me .
But actually , medical practice does n't work like that .
And it 's not a doctor 's fault , and if it 's someone like me , it 's about scientists like me .
We have n't really understood the underlying mechanisms .
But estimates that 90 percent of drugs works only about 30 to 50 percent of people .
So the number needed to treat the most widely broadly prescribed , what do you think ?
How many people have to take it before you help a person ?
300 .
This is from the research of <unk> Jerome Jerome and Pamela <unk> , <unk> <unk> <unk> .
I once explored the numbers .
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they were to avoid a single heart attack , stroke or another adverse event .
Now you might think , `` Well , one probability in 300 to <unk> my cholesterol .
Why not , doctor ? Make the recipe anyway . ''
But then you have to ask for more statistic , and it 's , `` <unk> of the side effects . '' Yeah ?
For this particular drug , the side effects occur in five percent of patients .
And those include terrible things : debilitating pain pain and articulate , pain pains , but now they 're like , `` Five percent is not very likely to go to me , yet to take medicine . ''
But a moment .
Remember , under stress you do n't think of clarity .
So let 's think about how we get this over time , so you do n't have to make the chain of reasoning in the act .
300 people take the drug , right ? A person has helped it , five percent of the 300 have side effects , that 's 15 people .
You have 15 times more likely to go from the drug to help you the drug .
I 'm not saying they should or not take the <unk> .
I just say that you have to have this conversation with your doctor .
The medical ethic requires it , it 's part of the principle of informed consent .
We have a right to have access to this kind of information to start conversation about whether you want to take risks or not .
Maybe you 're thinking that I 've launched this number in the air for the crash value , but actually this need that we need to treat is quite typical .
For the surgery that it 's done in the older men in the age of 50 , <unk> of prostate cancer , the number needed to treat it is 49 .
So it 's 49 surgeries for one person who has helped .
And the side effects in that case are produced by 50 percent of patients .
Those include helplessness , or erectile dysfunction , incontinence urinary , destroy kings , fecal incontinence .
And if you 're lucky , it 's one of that 50 percent of the effects of just a year or two .
So the idea of the <unk> is to think before time , the questions that you can argue with you can make the conversation forward .
You do n't have to make all of this in the act .
And they also want to think about quality of life .
Because you have a choice many times , but you want a shorter life of pain , or a longer life that could have a lot of pain towards the end ?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now , with their family and their loved ones .
They can change in the heat of the time , but at least you 're trained in this kind of thinking .
Remember , our brain releases cortisol under stress , and one of the things that happens at the time is that you turn out a lot of systems .
There 's an evolutionary reason for this .
Face face with a predator , it 's not necessary for the digestive system , or the libido or your immune system , because if the body is spending metabolism on those things , it does n't react fast . You could get the lunch lunch .
Unfortunately , one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is the logical thought , like Danny <unk> and his colleagues have shown .
So we have to train them to think about the future to these kinds of situations .
And I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all failing .
We 're all going to fail every time when .
The idea is to think about the future , how those failures might be , to put the systems in the place that will help you minimize the damage , or to prevent the bad things to happen in the first place .
He went back to the snow night in Montreal , when I returned from my journey , my contractor set up a lock of combination next to the door , with a key to the gate of the gate in the same , an easy way to remember it .
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I have n't ordered , and lots of emails I 've never read .
So I 'm not very organized , but I see the organization as a gradual process , and I 'm doing it .
Thank you very much .
Interpreter : <unk> , `` <unk> '' is my favorite singing symbol .
It means gentle .
If you 're playing a musical instrument and you see a <unk> in the score , you need to play more gently .
Two <unk> , even more smooth .
Four <unk> , <unk> soft .
This is my drawing of a <unk> tree , and there you see that it does n't matter how many thousands and thousands of <unk> may have , you would never get a complete silence .
That 's my current definition of silence : a very dark sound .
I 'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system , the <unk> , in addition to a little bit of my own story .
The language of French signs came over in the 1800s , and over time , he mixed with local signs , and it was developed the language that we now know as <unk> .
So it has a story about 200 years .
I was born deaf , and I was taught to believe that the sound was n't a part of my life .
And I believed it was true .
But now , I realize it 's not true for anything .
The sounds are a very important part of my life , really in my mind every day .
As a person who lives in a world of sounds , it 's like I lived in a foreign country , following their rules , customs , behaviors and norms without <unk> .
So how do I get the sound ?
Well , I see how people behave and respond to sound .
People are like speakers and amplify sound .
So I learn and <unk> that behavior .
At the same time , I 've learned that I can create sounds , and I 've seen how people respond .
So I 've learned , for example ...
`` Do n't shake the door ! ''
`` Do n't make a lot of noise when you eat the bag of potato chips ! ''
`` No <unk> , and when you 're eating , make sure not scratch the covered in the dish . ''
I call this `` label sound . ''
Maybe I think about the most than the average person does .
I 'm <unk> <unk> .
And I 'm always waiting for a nervousness of the sound , which is to come next .
From there , this drawing .
<unk> , to decide .
<unk> , to continue .
<unk> , to announce .
You can see that the <unk> has no notes on the lines .
That 's because the lines have some sounds through the subtle , subtle <unk> .
In the culture , deaf , motion is equivalent to sound .
This is the sign for `` <unk> '' in the <unk> .
A typical <unk> has five lines .
However , for me , to make the self with my thumb , it does n't feel natural .
That 's why in my drawing , I just have four lines on paper .
In 2008 , I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin , Germany , for an artistic house there .
Before this time , I had worked as a <unk> .
During this summer , I visited museums and different galleries , and while I went from one place to another , I realized there was no visual art there .
At the time , the sound was the trend and that struck me .
There was no visual art , it was all hearing .
Now sound has entered my art of art .
Is it going to tell me more than art ?
I realized it does n't have to be like this .
In fact , I know the sound .
I know it so well that you do n't just experience through your ears .
I can feel it independently , or experience it visually , or even as an idea .
So I decided to reclaim the property and <unk> sound in my artistic practice .
And all I had taught myself as much as sound , I decided to leave it and get it out .
I started to create a new job of work .
And when I presented it to the artistic community , I was struck by the amount of support and attention that I received .
I realized that sound is like money , power , control : social currency .
In the background of my mind , I always felt that the sound was alien , it was something of a listener .
And sound is so powerful that well I could fit myself and my artistic work , or I could empower myself .
I chose that I 'm going to get myself .
There 's a massive culture around talking about talking .
And just because I do n't use my literal voice to communicate , to the eyes of society is as if I had no voice at all .
So I have to work with people who can support me as well as and become my voice .
And that way I 'm able to be relevant in the current society .
So in school , at work and institutions , I work with many different performers of <unk> .
And his voice becomes my voice and identity .
It helps me be heard .
And their voices have value and weight .
Ironically , by asking your voices , I 'm able to keep a temporary form of value , something like taking a loan to a very high interest rate .
If I would n't continue with this practice , I feel that I could get it into oblivion and not have any kind of social value .
So , with sound like my new art medium , <unk> in the music world .
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and <unk> .
For example , a musical note can not capture and express fully on paper .
And the same can be said from a concept in <unk> .
The two are very spatial and highly <unk> , which means that subtle changes can affect all of the meaning so much of signals like sound .
I 'd like to share with you a metaphor for the piano , to understand better how the <unk> works .
So , imagine a piano .
<unk> is divided into many different <unk> parameters .
If you 're mapping a different parameter for every finger while the facial expression , the facial expression , the movement of the body , the speed , the speed , the speed , the speed , the form of hand , and so , while you get the piano , English is a linear language .
However , <unk> is more like a chord , you need the 10 fingers simultaneously , to express a clear concept or an idea in <unk> .
If only a key would change the chord , it would create a completely different meaning .
The same thing happens to the music in terms of pitch , timbre and volume .
In <unk> , by using these different <unk> parameters , you can express different ideas .
For example , the signal `` <unk> on that . ''
This is the signal `` <unk> on that . ''
I 'm looking at you .
<unk> .
Oh , I 'm going to argue .
Oh .
What are you looking at ?
Ah , enough !
So I started thinking , and if I look at <unk> through the music lens ?
If I had to create a sign and put it over and over again , it might be like a piece of visual music .
For example , this is the sign of `` day , '' the sun comes out and it goes .
This is `` all day . ''
If you <unk> it and <unk> the speed , visually looks like a piece of music .
All day .
I feel that the same can be said from `` overnight . ''
All night .
This is all night in this drawing .
And this led me to think about three different kinds of nights : `` Last night , '' `` night , '' `` night , '' `` overnight . ''
I feel that the third one has more <unk> than the other two .
This represents how the time is expressed and how the distance into the body can express changes in time .
For example , one <unk> . It 's a hand , two <unk> . It 's two hands , the present gets closer and in front of the body , the future is in front of the body and the past is on the back .
So , the first example is a long time ago .
Then , `` Last '' : `` <unk> to , '' and the last one , which is my favorite , with a very romantic , dramatic idea once , `` Once once . ''
Time common is a musical term with a specific pace of four times by compass .
However , when I look at the word `` common time '' I think automatically , I think automatically .
Watch <unk> : right hand , E : hand .
We have <unk> through your head and the chest .
[ Face ] <unk> : <unk> , a flashlight .
Can you do that with me ?
Everybody with the hands .
Now we 're going to do it both in your head as the chest , something like `` common time '' or `` at the same time . ''
Yeah , very well .
That means `` in love , '' in the international system .
The international system , as a note , is a visual tool to help communicate in every culture and the signs of signs around the world .
The second one I 'd like to show you is this . Please do it with me again .
And now this .
It means `` colonization '' in the <unk> .
Now , the third . Please contact me again .
And again .
It 's `` lighting . ''
We 're going to do the three together .
`` <unk> , '' `` colonization '' and `` enlightenment . ''
Good job .
Now look at how the three signs are very similar . Everybody happens in your head and the chest , but they 're carrying a very different meaning .
It 's amazing to see how <unk> is alive and thriving , just like music .
But today , we live in a very <unk> world .
And just because <unk> does n't have sound , it does n't have social value .
We have to start questioning what social value defines and allowing the <unk> into its own value , without sound .
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society .
And maybe people understand that you do n't have to be deaf to learn <unk> , and we have to hear about learning music .
<unk> is a rich treasure , and I 'd like to have the same experience .
I 'd like to invite you to open your ears , open your eyes , to participate in our culture and experience our visual language .
And you never know , you can even fall in love with us .
Thank you .
Denise <unk> : Hey , that 's me .
As a child , my parents were saying , `` You can tell me everything , but then you 've got to go . ''
Freedom involves responsibility .
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places , where everything was possible .
So I grew up in a bubble of innocence , or a ignorance bubble , I should say , because adults would lie to protect us from the horrible truth .
When I became older , I found out that adults also <unk> and that they 're not very good at cleaning the other people 's .
The time I was a adult , and I teach citizenship and invention at <unk> school in Hong Kong .
You do n't have to wait very much for my students to walk on the beach with lots of garbage .
So as good citizens , they cleaned the beaches , and not , it 's not drinking alcohol , and if it 's , I did n't .
It 's sad to say , but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic .
It 's kind of creepy .
And in the last few decades , we 've been coming out with these large ships and networks , to collect these plastic chunks to study them under the microscope , and <unk> them and <unk> this information on a map .
But it takes an eternity and it 's very expensive , and it 's too risky to use these huge boats .
So along with my students , with age six to 15 years , we dream to invent a better way .
We 've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop .
We started building this high-speed labor table so that kids are very likely to participate .
And I 'll tell you , children who manipulate tools are great and secure .
Not exactly .
Let 's go back to the plastic .
We collect plastic and reduce the size that we find it in the ocean , which is very small , because of his fragmentation .
That 's what we do .
I 'll leave you with my students ' imagination .
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to find ourselves in something that we hope it works .
We decided instead of collecting chunks of plastic , just information .
By using a robot , we take a picture of this plastic -- kids get very excited about robots .
Then we started to quickly create what we call a prototype .
We 're so quick in prototyping prototyping that we ended up before lunch .
And we made light bulbs and web cameras , and we assemble it into a floating robot that 's slowly moving through the water and the plastic we have there , and this is the picture captured by the robot .
We see the bits of plastic floating slowly through the sensor while the computer on board process this image and measure the size of each particle , to get an estimate of the amount of plastic in the water .
So let 's go through this invention step on a website for inventors called `` <unk> , '' with the hope that somebody else will make it even more .
So what 's great about this project is that students saw a local problem , and boom , they 're trying to fix them immediately .
I can investigate my local problem , but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed children .
You see the news , they 're looking at the Internet , and you get into this image .
A child , maybe less than 10 years , cleaning up a oil spill , just using the hands , in <unk> , the largest <unk> forest in Bangladesh .
They were very surprised because this is the water that drink , it 's the water that you bathe , the water where they fish , the place where they live .
You can see that water is brown , mud and oil also are brown , and when it all mixes , it 's very hard to see what 's in the water .
But there 's a simple technology called <unk> , which allows you to see what 's in the water .
We built a first prototype of an spectrometer that can sink through all kinds of chemicals that produce different spectra , which can help identify what 's in the water .
So we had this prototype with a sensor , and we sent it to Bangladesh .
What 's great about this project is that beyond solving a local problem , or analyzing a local problem , my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children .
I was forced to do a problem at a distance , I was forced to do a second experiment , and I wanted to go a little further , perhaps to address a harder problem , and also closest to me .
I 'm half Japanese and French and maybe remember , in 2011 , there was a devastating earthquake in Japan .
It was so violent that started several giant waves , calls tsunamis , and those tsunamis destroyed several cities on the coast of Japan .
Over 14,000 people died in a moment .
It also gives the nuclear energy plant of Fukushima , a nuclear station close to water .
And today , according to the reports on the average of 300 tons is still leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean .
Today , the whole Pacific Ocean has traces of pollution by <unk> .
If we go to the West coast , we can measure the radiation radiation everywhere .
But if you look at the map , it seems that most of the radiation was gone from the Japanese coast , and most of the time , it looks safe , it 's blue .
Well , reality is a little bit more complicated than that .
I 've come back to Fukushima every year since the crash and researching independently with other scientists , the land , the river , and this time we wanted to take the kids .
Of course we did n't take them , the parents were n't allowed .
But every night we reported to the control center -- here you see the use of different masks .
It might seem that they did n't take the work seriously , but they did it because they 're going to have to live with his whole life .
Together with them , we talked about the data that day and we talked about what we were going to do next , the strategies , the <unk> , and so on .
And to do this , we create a rudimentary map of the region around the region around the nuclear power plant .
We created the rise of rise , we introduced pigments to represent real-time data from radioactivity , and <unk> water to simulate the rain .
With this , we could notice that the radioactive powder was filtering from the top of the mountain towards the <unk> and <unk> system in the ocean .
It was a rough estimate .
But based on this , we organized an civil expedition , the nearest to nuclear power to date .
We 're approaching up to a mile of nuclear central nuclear , and with the fishermen 's homes , we were collecting sediments from the sea floor with a tracker tracker as we invented and build .
Here we see a progression : we 've gone from a local problem to a remote problem , to a global problem .
And it 's been very exciting to work on these different scales , also with open source technologies and very simple .
But at the same time , it 's been increasingly frustrating because we 've only been starting to measure the damage we 've done .
We have n't even started trying to solve problems .
I wonder if we should take the jump and try to invent better ways of doing all these things .
So the classroom became so much so small , so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong , and we turned it into the largest space dedicated to the social and environmental impact .
It 's in the center of Hong Kong , and it 's a place where we can work with wood , metal , chemistry , a little bit of biology , of optics , basically , you can build almost everything there .
It 's also a place where adults and kids can play together .
It 's a place where the dreams of kids can actually become reality with adults , and where adults can get kids again .
Students : acceleration ! <unk> !
<unk> <unk> : We asked things like , can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy ?
For example .
Or , can we help in the mobility of advanced age , transforming their standard wheels into new electrical vehicles ?
Plastic and oil and <unk> are terrible <unk> , but the worst legacy we can leave our children is lies .
We ca n't afford to protect the children of the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent the solutions .
So , scientists , creators , <unk> , we must prepare the next generation to worry about the environment and people , and so I can actually do something about it .
Thank you .
Two twin domes , two cultures of radically opposing design .
One is made from thousands of steel pieces , the other one of a silk thread .
One of them is synthetic , the other organic .
There is the environment over the environment , the other thing creates .
One is designed by nature , the other for her .
Michelangelo said that when he looked at the marble in gross , he saw a figure that was fighting for being free .
The <unk> was unique to Michelangelo .
But living things are not <unk> .
They grow .
And in the smallest units of life , the cells , we take all the information taken for each cell to work and to replicate .
The tools also have consequences .
At least since the Industrial Revolution , the world of design has been mastered because of creating mass production and mass production .
The assembly lines have dictated a world made out of parts , <unk> the imagination of designers and trained architects to think of their objects as <unk> in discrete parts .
But you do n't find <unk> from a smooth material in nature .
Think about human skin , for example .
Our facial skins are thin with <unk> pores .
The skins of the back are thicker with little pores .
One acts primarily as filter , the other mostly as a barrier , and yet it 's the same skin : there 's no parts , there 's no <unk> .
It 's a system that vary gradually its functionality through variation of elasticity .
Here 's a split screen that represents my view of the divided world , the double personality of every designer and an architect at work today between the <unk> and the gene , between the machine and the organism , between the assembly and the growth , between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin .
These two visions of the world , my left hemisphere and the right , analysis and synthesis , shows in the two screens after me .
My job , on its simplest level , tries to bring these two visions of the world , stepping out of the assembly and approaching growth .
You 're probably wondering , why now ?
Why was n't it possible for 10 or even five years ?
We live in a very special moment in history , a rare moment , where four disciplines that offer designers to the tools that we had never had access to before .
And at the intersection of these four fields , my team and I created .
Please know the minds and my students ' hands .
We designed objects , products , structures and tools across scales , large scale , like this robotic arm with a scope of 24 feet in diameter with a single day that 's not very far away from printing buildings , to print entire buildings and graphics to nanoscale .
So here we have <unk> the brakes , an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture , and it has created a screen where every single opening is unique to shape the shape of light and heat through it .
In our next project , we explore the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt , and this was for a fashion parade of Paris with <unk> are <unk> . It 's like a second skin made from one piece , <unk> in the contours , flexible around the waist .
Next , with 3D printing collaborator , we printed this layer and 3D skirt without seams between the cells , and I 'll show you more objects like that .
This helmet combines <unk> and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microns .
This is the resolution of a human hair .
It 's also the resolution of a scanner .
That designers have access to this high-resolution analytical and synthetic instruments , allowing us to design products that could fit not only the shape of our bodies , but also the physiological structure of our tissues .
We also designed a acoustic chair , a chair for structural , comfortable and also it absorbs sound .
The Carter professor , my collaborator , we went back to nature to be inspired , and by designing this irregular surface pattern , it becomes <unk> .
We take this surface of 44 different properties , which vary in stiffness , <unk> and color , <unk> the pressure points in the human body .
Their surface , like in nature , changes its functionality , is not by addition to another material or another assembly , but continuously continuously , and delicately the material property .
But is the ideal nature ?
There are no parts in nature ?
I was not raised in a religious Jewish home , but when I was young , my grandmother told me stories of the Hebrew Bible , and one of them went to me and came to define a lot of what matters to me .
As she says , `` On the third day of the Creation , God leads to the Earth grow a tree of <unk> fruit . ''
For that first <unk> tree , there would be no difference between trunk , branches , leaves and creature .
The whole tree was a fruit .
Instead , the land made it grow trees with branches , cortex , springs and flowers .
The Earth created a world made out of parts .
I often ask myself , `` What would be design if the objects were made of a single piece ?
Do you help a better state of creation ? ''
So we 're looking for the biblical material , the kind of material of the tree <unk> with fruit , and we found it .
The second most abundant <unk> on the planet is called <unk> , and about 100 million tons producing each year by organisms , like shrimp , crabs , scorpions and butterflies .
We think that if we could tune their properties , we could generate <unk> structures in one piece .
So that 's what we did .
We call it legal <unk> . We asked a bunch of shrimp husks and <unk> them and produced <unk> paste .
<unk> the chemical concentrations , we 've been able to achieve a wide range of properties , from dark , hard and opaque , to light , soft and transparent .
To print the large-scale structures , a system was built up with multiple <unk> nozzles .
The robot can vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from one material three , 100 percent recyclable .
When the pieces are ready , it stops dry in order to find a natural shape to contact with the air .
So why do we keep designing with plastic ?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process was used to contain microorganisms <unk> that appeared for the first time on the planet three billion years ago , as we heard yesterday .
Along with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT , <unk> the engineered bacteria to capture very quickly carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar .
For the first time , we 've been able to generate structures that make their transition from without problems with mesh beam , and if it grows even further , to windows .
A tree <unk> tree .
Working with an ancient material , one of the first forms of life on the planet , with abundant water and with a little bit of synthetic biology , we 've transformed a structure of shrimp husks in an architecture that behaves like a tree .
And here 's the best part : for objects designed for <unk> , put in the sea , <unk> marine life -- and put it on the ground , help grow a tree .
<unk> for our next next exploration of design is the solar system .
We 're looking for the possibility of creating clothes to keep life for <unk> trips .
To do that , we need to master bacteria and control its flow .
So as the periodic table , we did our own table of elements : new forms of life created <unk> , made <unk> and <unk> in a biological form .
I like to think about synthetic biology , like the liquid alchemy , only that instead of <unk> metals , it 's evolved new biological functionalities into very small channels .
This field is called microfluidics .
We 're looking at our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops .
In our first piece of clothing , two microorganisms .
The first is <unk> .
It lives in our oceans and the freshwater ponds .
And the second , E. coli , the bacteria that inhabit the human intestine .
One becomes light in sugar , the other use sugar and produces useful biofuels for the built environment .
But these two microorganisms does not interact in nature .
In fact , they never met .
They 're here , designed for the first time , to have a relationship in a piece of clothing .
Think of it as evolution , not by natural selection , but evolution for design .
In order to contain these relationships , we 've created a single channel that looks like the digestive tract , which will help that flow of these bacteria , and that we would bring it to their function of the way .
So we started to grow these channels in the human body , and we 're looking at the properties of the material according to the desired functionality .
If we wanted more photosynthesis , they 're <unk> more transparent channels .
This portable digestive system , when it stretch from one end to another , 60 feet .
This is half the length of a football field , and 10 times more than our tiny intestine .
And here it is , as we 're going to be at TED , our first portable technical channels , shiny liquid channels with life in your clothing .
Thank you .
Mary Shelley said , `` We 're last fashion creatures , only half is made . ''
What if design would provide the other half ?
What if we could create structures that increase living matter ?
What if we were able to create personal <unk> that we 're going to build our skin , embrace this damaged tissue and get rid of our bodies ?
Think of this as a way of editing biology .
I call this material ecology .
For that , you always have to go back to nature .
So now , you know , a 3D printer prints in layers .
You also know that nature does n't do this .
It 's growing . We 're going to be able to deal with sophistication .
This cocoon of the worm , for example , creates a highly sophisticated architecture , a home within which it was <unk> .
manufacturing is not going to be able to do this level of sophistication .
It makes it through the combination of two materials , but of two proteins in different concentrations .
One acts as structure , the other is the glue or the matrix , by putting those fibers together .
And this is happening through scales .
The silk worm first gets turned on in the environment , creates a framework structure , and then it starts <unk> a cocoon of compression .
<unk> and compression , the two forces of life , they play on a single material .
In order to understand better how this complex process works , we glue a tiny magnet to the head of a silk worm , the spinneret .
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors , and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of cocoon of silk worm .
However , when you put the silk worm on a flat patch , not within a box , we realized that I would take a flat cocoon and still <unk> <unk> .
So we started designing different environments , scaffolding , and we 've discovered that the shape , the composition , the cocoon of the cocoon , was transmitted directly by the environment .
So often , the silk worms were to death within their cocoons , their silk gets rid of , and it 's used in the textile industry .
We saw that designing these templates , we could shape raw silk without boiling a single cocoon .
It <unk> <unk> , and we could create these things .
So we climbed this process up to the architectural scale .
We had a robot that was making silk templates , and we put it on our site .
We knew that silk worms would go into darker and cold areas , so we use a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure .
So we create holes or <unk> , to block the rays from light and heat , distributing the silk worms on the structure .
We were prepared to get the caterpillars .
We used to make silk worms to a online silk farm .
And after they feed four weeks , they were prepared to get us back .
We put them carefully on the bottom of the scaffolding of scaffolding , and while <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , and life begins again , like us , but much , much shorter .
Bucky said that the tension is the great integrity , and he was right .
When you 're <unk> biological silk on <unk> silk , they give all this pavilion to the canopy .
And in a little bit of two or three weeks , they 're doing <unk> silk worms .
In a curious symmetry , this is also the length of the silk route .
Now , moths , after the <unk> , produce 1.5 million eggs .
This could be used for 250 additional pavilions in the future .
So here are the two visions of the world .
A <unk> silk arm , the other full empty arm .
If the last frontier of design is giving life to products and the buildings around us , to form an ecology of two materials , designers have to join these two visions of the world .
Which brings us back , of course , at the beginning .
Here 's a new era of design , a new era of creation , which brings us from a design inspired by nature to a inspired nature in design , which demands for us , for the first time , that we make care of nature .
Thank you .
Thank you very much . Thank you .
Hands up if you 've ever asked them , `` What do you want to be ? ''
If you had to remember how old they had when they asked them for the first time ?
You can hang on with your fingers .
Three . Five . Five . Five .
Now raise your hand if the question `` What do you want to be ? ''
It 's caused some kind of anxiety .
Any anxiety .
I 'm somebody who could never answer the question , `` What do you want to be more ? ''
The problem was n't that I had no interest , but I had too many .
In school , I liked the English , <unk> and art and <unk> websites , plus , playing the guitar in a punk named <unk> <unk> .
Maybe you 've heard about us .
And I usually like to test and persist anyway , we have spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field .
But over time , this feeling of boredom , this feeling of , this is no longer a challenge , comes to <unk> .
And I have to leave it .
But then I 'm going to tell you about something else , something totally different , and I 'm going to tell you about it , and I 'm going to leave you , and I 'm like , `` Yes ! I 've found myself , '' and then again , that point where I start <unk> .
And finally , I want to leave it .
But then I 'd like to discover something new and different , and I 'd like to go into that .
This pattern made me a lot of anxiety , for two reasons .
The first one was because I was n't sure how I was going to turn everything into a career .
I thought I had to choose one thing , deny all of my other passions , and let me <unk> .
Another reason that caused me so much anxiety was a little bit more personal .
I was worried that there was something wrong with this , and something wrong with me for nothing to do it at all .
I was worried about being afraid of engagement , or being dispersed , or to my own success .
If you can relate to my story and these feelings , I 'd like to ask you something that I 'd like to have been asked .
Ask yourself , where they learned to allocate the meaning of bad or abnormal to do things .
I 'll tell you where they learned it : they learned about culture .
You ask , `` What do you want to be ? ''
When we 're about five years old .
And the truth is that no one cares about what they 're going to do at that age .
It 's considered a naive question to provoke cute answers to kids like , `` Being an astronaut , '' or `` be a dancer '' or `` I want to be pirate . ''
And I 'm going to hold the Halloween suit here .
This question gets us over and over again as we grow up in various ways , <unk> . For example , in high school students , you ask them a question they 're going to pick in college .
And at some point , `` What do you want to be ? ''
It 's going to be the cute exercise of before you take away sleep .
Why ?
If this question inspires children to dream of what they might be , it does n't inspire to dream all that they might be .
In fact , just the opposite , because when somebody asks you what you want to be , you ca n't respond to 20 different things , even though well-intentioned adults might be laughing and say , `` Oh , how cute , but you ca n't be a craftsman of violins and a psychologist .
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob Childs , and he is a craftsman of violins and <unk> .
And this Amy Ng , a magazine publisher turned into <unk> , entrepreneur and creative director .
But most kids do n't hear about people like this .
All you hear is they 're going to have to choose .
But it 's more than that .
The notion of life is very idealized in our culture .
It 's this idea of the destiny or the real calling , the idea that each of us has something to have something that 's going to have something to do in this land , and you have to figure out what that thing is and devote your life to it .
But if you 're somebody who 's not connected in this way ?
What if there are many different topics that you get and a lot of different things that you want to do ?
There is no place for somebody like one in that framework .
And so you can feel just .
You can feel that it does n't have a goal .
And I feel like there 's something wrong with you .
There 's nothing wrong with you .
You 're a <unk> .
A <unk> is someone with many interests and creative activities .
It 's a breath that I mean .
It could help if you divide in three parts : multiple , potential and <unk> .
Also , you can use other terms than we would take the same idea , as a scholar , <unk> .
During the time in the Renaissance , the ideal was who was fine at multiple disciplines .
Barbara <unk> refers to us as `` scanners . ''
Let 's make any term you like or make yourself yourself .
It seems to me as a species of adapt to a community , we ca n't agree with one identity .
It 's easy to see <unk> as limitation or woe you should beat .
But what I 've learned talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website , is that there are huge strengths in this way .
Here 's three superpowers .
One : the synthesis of ideas .
That is , the combination of two or more fields and creating something new at the intersection .
<unk> <unk> and Rachel <unk> expressed their shared interests in cartography , visualization , journeys , math and design , when he found <unk> .
<unk> is a company that creates <unk> jewelry .
<unk> and Rachel came up with this idea of a unique idea for his eclectic <unk> of skills and experiences .
Innovation happens at intersections .
That 's where new ideas come from .
And the <unk> , with all of their backgrounds , can access a lot of these points at intersection .
The second <unk> superpower is learning fast .
Now , when we <unk> ourselves , we 're going to do it .
We look at everything we can have in our hands .
We are used to being beginners , because it was many times in the past , and this means we have less fear of testing new things and out of our comfort zones .
Many skills are attached to other disciplines , and we bring everything we 've learned to every new zone that we 're going to do , so we rarely start from scratch .
<unk> <unk> is a <unk> and <unk> time .
As a child , pianist was an incredible ability to develop muscle memory .
Now , she 's the fastest <unk> .
Before I become a writer , <unk> was a difference .
He had to learn the finest sales mechanics when their practices began , and this skill helps to write compelling McGowan for editors .
It rarely is a waste of time to do what you 're drawn to , even if they end up .
It 's possible to apply that knowledge into a completely different field , in a way that you could n't have anticipated .
Third superpower superpower <unk> is adaptability . That is , the ability to turn into anything you need in a given situation .
Abe <unk> is sometimes director of videos , other , <unk> websites , sometimes a <unk> , sometimes teacher , and sometimes , apparently , James Bond .
It 's valuable because it does a good job .
He 's even more valuable because it can take different roles , depending on the needs of their clients .
Now , Fast Company Company defines adaptability as the most important ability for development , to thrive in the 21st century .
The economic world changes so quickly and <unk> that are individuals and organizations that can afford to meet the needs of the market , the ones that really <unk> .
<unk> of ideas , rapid learning and adaptability : three skills where <unk> are very adept , and three skills that you might lose if they 're pushed to reduce their goals .
As a society , we have a great interest in encourage the perpetrators to be themselves .
We have complex problems , multidimensional right now , and we need normal creative thinkers to deal with them .
Let 's say they 're in your heart , specialists .
They came out of the belly knowing because they wanted to be pediatric neurosurgeons .
Do n't worry , there 's nothing wrong with you .
In fact , some of the best teams make up a specialist and a <unk> .
The specialist can dive deep and put in terms of ideas , and <unk> offers a breadth of knowledge to the project .
It 's a beautiful relationship .
But we should all be designing lives and careers that we are doing with how we 're connected .
And unfortunately , to the <unk> , they 're actually encouraging them to just be more like their peers specialized .
And once I said this , if there 's one thing you 're going to take out of this talk , I hope that 's this : <unk> with the inner wiring , whatever .
If you 're a heart specialist , then you 're going to get rid of all the media .
That 's where you give the best of it .
But for the <unk> in the room , including those who just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes , I 'm going to tell you , <unk> with their many passions .
Follow his curiosity for those <unk> in rabbit .
Tell them to intersections .
It takes our inner wiring to a more authentic and happy life .
And perhaps most important , <unk> , the world needs us !
Thank you .
In the year 1901 , a woman named <unk> took her to a psychiatric institution in <unk> .
<unk> <unk> , and I could n't remember even the most basic details of his life .
His doctor was called <unk> .
He did n't know how to help <unk> it , but we were going to get rid of it until unfortunately , unfortunately , died in 1906 .
After his death , <unk> did an autopsy and they found strange plates and subtraction in the <unk> brain of a guy who had never seen before .
The most surprising thing .
If we had been alive today , we could n't give it more aid than the woman who had been given 22 years ago .
<unk> was Dr. Buy Alzheimer 's disease .
And <unk> <unk> , the first patient to get a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer 's disease .
Since 1901 , medicine has been very advanced .
They 've found antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infections , many treatments for cancer , HIV for HIV , <unk> for <unk> and much more .
But there 's been progress in Alzheimer 's disease .
I 'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer 's for over a decade .
So I think about this all the time .
Alzheimer 's now affects 40 million all over the world .
But by 2050 , it will affect 150 million that , by the way , include many of you .
If you expect to live for 85 years or more , the possibility of Alzheimer 's disease will be almost one of two .
In other words , there is the probability that your years will be passed with Alzheimer 's or helping care of a friend or being dear to Alzheimer 's .
Just in America , Alzheimer 's costs 200 billion dollars every year .
One of five dollars of healthcare is spent in Alzheimer 's disease .
Today it 's the most expensive disease , and their costs required an increase in five times by 2050 , as the generation gets older from the boomers .
It may surprise you , but Alzheimer 's is one of the biggest medical challenges of our generation .
But it has been relatively little done to fight it .
Today , one of the top 10 causes of death around the world , Alzheimer 's is the only one that ca n't prevent , cure or even slow their development .
We understand less from Alzheimer 's than other diseases , because we 've invested less time and money on the research of the same .
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research than in Alzheimer 's despite the fact that we get more Alzheimer 's disease and cause a similar annual number of deaths like cancer .
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause : lack of consciousness .
Because this is what few people know , but everybody should be : Alzheimer 's disease is a disease , and we can treat it .
For most of the past three-quarters years , all , even , scientists , Alzheimer 's disease with aging .
We think that will be <unk> in a normal , ordinary part of aging .
But you just look at a picture of a healthy aging brain compared to the one of an Alzheimer 's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease .
Also to trigger a severe loss of memory and mental abilities , damage to the cause of Alzheimer 's caused by significantly life expectancy , and it 's always deadly .
Remember , Dr. Alzheimer 's found plates and subtraction strange in the <unk> brain a century ago .
For almost a century , we did n't know a lot about this .
We now know that they 're made of protein molecules .
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds out as an origami .
There are places on the paper that are sticky .
And when it folds up well , these sticky dots end up inside .
But sometimes things go wrong , and some sticky points left outside .
So this makes the protein molecules being paste each other , forming groups that can form large plates and break .
That 's what we see in the brain of Alzheimer 's patients .
We 've spent the last 10 years at the University of Cambridge trying to understand how this dysfunction works .
There are a lot of steps , and identifying what step is complex , like defuse a bomb .
<unk> a wire could do anything .
<unk> others can make the bomb explode .
You have to find the right step that block it , and then create a drug that does it .
Until recently , it 's been reduced to the wires and expected the best .
But now there 's a diverse group of people , doctors , biologists , geneticists , physicists , physicists , engineers and mathematicians .
And together , we 've managed to identify a critical step in the process . Now you 're testing a new kind of drugs that blocking specifically this step to stop the disease .
Let me show you some of our last results .
No one out of our lab has seen it yet .
So let 's look at a few videos from what happened by testing these drugs in worms .
These are the healthy worms , and you can see that they 're <unk> .
These worms , on the other hand , have protein molecules that stick with each other , like humans with Alzheimer 's .
And you can see that they 're clearly ill .
But by giving our new drugs to these worms at a early stage , then we see that <unk> and live life .
This is just a positive initial result , but research like this show that Alzheimer 's is a disease that we can understand and cure .
After 1880s , there is real hope for what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years .
But to get that hope grow , to overcome Alzheimer 's , we need help .
It 's not scientists like me , it 's about you .
We have to argue that Alzheimer 's disease is a disease , and if we tried it , we can <unk> it .
In the case of other diseases , patients and their families have spread over more research and ethnic pressure on governments , pharmaceutical industry , about scientists and legislators .
That was essential to move forward to HIV treatment in the late '80s .
We see that same unit to beat cancer .
But Alzheimer 's patients often ca n't speak for themselves .
And their families , the hidden victims , caregivers of their loved ones day and night , they are often too keen to go out and advocate for change .
So , it really depends on you .
Alzheimer 's is not , in most cases , a genetic disease .
Everybody with a brain runs the risk .
Today , there 's 40 million patients like <unk> , which can not create the change they need for themselves .
They were talking for them , and help demand a cure .
Thank you .
I published this article in the New York Times column in January of this year .
To fall in love with someone , do this .
The article is about a psychological study , designed to create romantic love in the lab , and from my own experience , I try to prove it myself a night last summer .
And so the procedure is quite simple : Two strangers will come up to make 36 and more personal questions and then both look at your eyes without talking for four minutes .
Here 's a couple of questions of example .
Number 12 : If you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or ability , what would it be ?
Number 28 : When was the last time you got to another person ?
And just ?
<unk> , these are increasingly personal .
Number 30 : -- I really like to -- Tell your partner what you like about him or she -- I know very honest this time , and I gave things that you do n't say to somebody you 've just known .
When I came across this study a few years ago , I really struck myself the attention , the gossip that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony .
So , I was skeptical about this process of making romantic love , but , of course , I was also intrigued .
And when I had a chance to test this study , I had somebody who knew not particularly very well , I did n't expect to listen .
And yet , we fall in love , and I thought it was a good story , so I 'm sent to the lead to the spinal cord a few months later .
That was published in January , and now it 's now August , so I guess some of you will probably be wondering : they keep together still ?
And the reason I think this is why I think this is because I 've done this question over and over the last seven months .
And this question is just what I want to talk about today .
But let 's go back to the subject .
A week before the article was published was so nervous .
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years , so I 'd been fascinated by writing about my experience in romantic love on my blog .
But a blog entrance can come to a few hundred views , and those were usually just my Facebook friends and imagined that my article in the New York Times would reach probably a few thousand views .
And that 's a very good burden of attention in a relatively new relationship .
But as he gave , I had no idea .
The article ran online on a Friday night , and on Saturday , this happened in my blog .
And Sunday , I had already called Today Today 's Today , and the Good <unk> America .
In one month , the article got over eight million hits , and I was , to say something , little prepared for this kind of attention .
One thing is to foster trust by writing with honestly about their own romantic experiences , but something else is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news and that people all over the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship .
And when people call it or write , what they did every day for weeks , they were always doing the same question : still follow together ?
In fact , when I was preparing this talk , I made a quick search in the mailbox of my email with the phrase : `` still follow together ? ''
And several messages appeared immediately .
They were from students and journalists and strangers like this .
I was interviewed on radio and asked .
Even , I gave a talk , and a woman screamed at the stage , `` Hey <unk> , where 's your boyfriend ? ''
And I immediately got red .
I understand that this is part of the deal .
If you write about your relationship in an international journal , you should expect people to sit comfortable asking about it .
But I was n't ready for the answer to the answer .
The 36 questions seemed to have <unk> life .
In fact , the New York Times published a complementary article for Valentine 's experiences , who included the experiences of readers when they tested the study in them with different degrees of success .
So my first drive to all this attention was to be very loudly with my own relationship .
I said not to every request that we both made a public place together .
<unk> TV interviews , and he refused the orders of photos of us two .
I think I was afraid to become the <unk> icons of the process of <unk> , a range for which I did n't feel earlier .
And I understand that people did n't want to know only if the study worked , they wanted to know whether it really worked : I mean , if it was able to produce <unk> love , not just an adventure , but real love , love love .
But this was a question I did n't feel like to answer .
My relationship had just a few months , and I felt , especially , people said the wrong question .
How do we know if we would follow together or not , and then they said ?
If the answer was no , I would make the experience of making these 36 more interesting questions ?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this study in 1997 , and there , the research goal was not producing romantic love .
Instead , I was looking for interpersonal approach among college students , using what Aron called <unk> and sustained , progressive , reciprocal .
Sounds romantic , right ?
But the study did work .
The participants were felt more close to doing it , and several studies later used the <unk> protocol of Aron as a rapid form of creating trust and interaction among strangers .
They 've used it between members of the police and the community , and they 've used it among people to have opposing political ideologies .
The original version of the story , which I tried last summer , who combines personal questions with four minutes of visual contact , was cited in this article , but unfortunately never published .
A few months ago , I was giving a talk to a little bit of a liberal arts university , and then a student came up to me and told me to shyness the study , and it did n't work .
He seemed baffled .
And I : Do you mean that you 've got me from the person who did you ?
Well he made a pause .
I think she just wants to be friends .
And I said , `` But became better friends ? ''
Did you feel that did they get better to know after testing the study ?
You nodded .
So , it worked , '' I said .
Yet I do n't think that was the answer that he was looking for .
In fact , I do n't think it 's the answer that none of you are looking at when it comes to love .
I came across the study for the first time when I was 29 , and I was going through a really difficult separation .
I had had that relationship since I was 20 , which was largely my adult life , and he was my first real love , and I had no idea how or if I could live without it .
So I went on to science .
And I did what I could find out what I could find about the science of romantic love , and I was hoping that that could actually be able to get the heart .
I do n't know if I realized this at the moment , I thought I just did research on the book that I wrote , but in retrospect , it looks really obvious .
I thought , if it built me to the knowledge of romantic love , I would never have to feel so bad and I used to feel so bad .
And all of this knowledge has been useful in one way or another .
I 'm more patient with love . I 'm more relaxed .
I have more confidence to demand what I 'm looking for .
But I also can see it more clearly , and I can realize that what I look for is sometimes more than reasonably close to <unk> me .
What I 'm looking for love is a guarantee , not just being loved today and being loved tomorrow , but to keep being loved indefinitely by the person I love .
It may be that this is the guarantee that people wondered when they wanted to know if we were still together .
The story that the media told about the 36 questions is that there may be a shortcut to fall in love .
There may be a way to mitigate some of the implicit risk , and this is a very attractive story , because they fall in love to make us feel beautifully , but it 's also terrifying .
But I think when it comes to love , we 're very willing to accept the short version of history .
The story version of the story : still follow together ?
And its content with an answer of Yes or not .
So more than a question , would I submit to make questions harder , questions like , `` How do you decide who you deserve your love and who do n't ? ''
How do you stay in love when things get tough , and how to know when to cut and distance themselves ?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably leads to a relationship , or even more , how do you live with your partner ?
I do n't necessarily know the answers to these questions , but I think they 're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love somebody .
So , if you want the brief version of my relationship , it 's this -- a year ago , a met and I applied a study designed to create romantic love , fall in love , we still follow together , and I 'm very happy .
But it 's not the same as it will remain in love .
<unk> is the easy part .
So at the end of my article , I wrote : Love did n't happen .
They fall in love with because we take the choice to be .
And I shudder to read it now , not because it 's not true , but because at the time , I had n't considered everything that was supposed to be that choice .
I did n't think of how many times we would have both to make that decision , and how much times I have to keep doing that choice without knowing before if he always choose or not .
I want it to be enough to have done and say 36 questions , I want to love to love someone so generous , kind and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest day in the United States .
But what I 've done , instead , is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth that I do n't really believe .
And what I 'm looking for , and what maybe my life is going to look for is that that myth is true .
I want the happy ending implicit implicit in the title of my article , which is , by purpose , the only part of the article I did n't really write .
But what I have instead is the opportunity to love someone , and the hope that he also will love me , and it 's terrifying , but that 's the deal with love .
Thank you .
I was raised by a lesbian in broad , and in a way , I got a <unk> forest .
Something that really affected me in New York City a time ago . Something that really affected me but more details later on .
I 'm going to start with when I was eight years old .
And I took a wooden box , and I would take a dollar bill , a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado in Colorado .
And I thought that a few strangers or a few aliens would find this box about 500 years later , and we 're looking at how our species changes ideas , for example how we eat spaghetti .
I had no idea .
Anyway , it 's kind of grace , because here I am , 30 years later , and I 'm still doing boxes .
At one point I was in Hawaii -- I like to go on an outing and surfing and all those weird things -- and I was doing a collage for my mother .
And I took a dictionary , and I took him all the pages and I did a kind of <unk> , and I made a kind of <unk> <unk> that I covered the resin and a bee stuck .
Well , my mother has a fear of bees , and it 's <unk> to them , so I added more resin on the canvas , thinking I could <unk> .
Instead , the opposite happened : somehow it seemed to grow up as size , as if it was that I 'm going to get the text with a magnifying glass .
So I did ? I built more boxes .
This time , I started adding electronic elements , frogs them , strange bottles that I was finding out the street , all I could find out , because I was looking for things all my life , trying to figure out and tell stories about these objects .
So I got to draw around the objects , and I realized that my God can draw in space .
I can flow out <unk> , drawing just like it 's around a body of a crime scene .
And I took the objects out and I created my own specimens from specimens invented .
First , lots of people who will be able to get an idea .
Then I made some insects and strangers .
It was so much fun to draw on the layers of resin .
And it was great , because I started riding exhibitions and those things , and I was earning some money , to bring my girlfriend out for dinner , for example , go to <unk> .
It was great , man .
At some point I got interested in the human form , <unk> sculptures of human beings with human beings in the layers .
It was great , except for one thing : he died .
I did n't know what to do , because the resin was going to kill me .
And I went to bed every night thinking about it .
So I tried to use glass .
I started drawing on the glass layers , similar to the drawing in a window , then another window , and another window , and I had all these windows together that are a three-dimensional composition .
And this really worked , and so I could stop using the resin .
So I did this for years , and my work is <unk> with something very big , which I call `` triptych . ''
For the `` triptych , '' I was very much inspired by `` The Garden of the <unk> , '' of Hieronymus Bosch , which is a painting in the <unk> Museum in Spain .
You know it ?
Well , it 's a fantastic picture .
They say it 's a little bit ahead of your time .
Well , the triptych . I want this piece .
It weighs 11 kilos .
5.5 meters long .
It has double faces , so it 's 10 meters of composition .
It 's a little bit weird .
Well , that 's the source of the blood .
On the left , it 's Jesus and <unk> .
There 's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds .
They 're going to come from the world of representation , to this underworld of analog mesh where they hide .
Here 's where the creatures with the heads of animals are heading to the <unk> , ready to commit mass <unk> in the ocean .
The ocean is made of thousands of elements .
This is a bird god tied to a <unk> .
Billy Graham is in the sea ; the Horizon -- the <unk> platform of the <unk> : the shelter of Osama bin Laden , there 's all sorts of weird things that you can find if they look very well in the ocean .
It 's also kind of a <unk> .
It 's coming out of the ocean , and it spits out oil in a hand while the other hand goes out .
Their hands are like <unk> , and it looks like a mythological being that keeps the Earth and the cosmos in balance .
So it 's a aspect of the triptych .
It 's a very little narrative .
That 's the hand that spits out .
And then , when you go to the other side , it has a nose of a bird , and it spits out the clouds of this nose .
He also has a <unk> <unk> of a snake tail that binds the `` triptych . ''
But anyway , his tail turned on fire into a volcano .
I do n't know why that happened .
Things that happen , you know .
His tail ends up in a <unk> eye of <unk> from 1986 .
Have you seen them ?
They were made in the 1980s , as if they were baseball cards .
It 's very <unk> . This brings me to my last project .
I 'm in the middle of two projects : One is called `` <unk> . ''
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings .
Each one is a archive of our culture , through media and material be encyclopedias , dictionaries or magazine .
But each one acts as a kind of file as a human being , and they travel in groups of 20 , four or 12 at once .
They 're like cells , they come together , divide .
And you can walk between them . It 's carrying .
Each one is basically a microscope <unk> that weighs 1,300 kilos with a human being trapped inside .
This is a little cave in the chest .
That 's the head ; it 's the chest , you can borrow the entrance .
I 'm going to join you with the rest of the body : there 's a waterfall that comes out of the chest , and that 's cover the penis or <unk> , or whatever it has , a kind of <unk> thing .
It 's a quick practice of these works because I ca n't afford it for a long time .
We have layers , you can see .
This is a body in the middle .
This has two heads , and it 's communicating between two .
There 's some pills coming out and come into the head of this strange statue .
There 's a little forest scene inside the ribcage .
Can you see it ?
Anyway , this talk is about these boxes , as the boxes we live in .
We 're in a box , the solar system is a box .
This brings me to my last box .
It 's a brick box . It 's called Captain <unk> .
Within this box there is a physicist , a neuroscientist , a painter , a musician , a writer , a radio station , a museum , a school , an editorial arm that spreads all the content we make in the world , and a garden .
We 're going to get the box out and all the people inside it strikes each other as particles .
And I think that 's how we change the world .
When you eke out who is and the box you 're living in .
And together we came to realize that we are all together in this , that this illusion that we are different , these concepts of countries , in the borders , of religion , does n't work .
We 're all really made out of the same stuff and in the same box .
And if we do n't start exchanging those things with sweetness and 44 we 're all going to die very soon .
Thank you very much .
What do you do when your head hurt ?
They take an aspirin .
But so that this pill has effect against pain , first of all through the stomach , the bowels and other organs .
It 's going to take a pill is the most effective , <unk> system so that any drug hits the body effect .
The disadvantage , however , is that by <unk> , any drug gets diluted out .
And this is a big problem , especially in patients with HIV .
When they take antiretroviral drugs , they 're <unk> to decrease the amount of viruses in blood , and you increase the stem cells .
But they are also known for their adverse side effects , mostly negative , because in the time that it takes to get to the whole blood stream , they 're <unk> , and worse in the time that it takes to get to their destination , which is where it 's more important : in the HIV storage .
These are regions of the body like the lymph nodes , the nervous system , the lungs , where the virus is dead , and it does n't easily come into the bloodstream of patients who are tested on regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs .
However , after the disruption of the treatment , the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells .
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with today 's drugs that are current treatment of life , managed by oral approaches .
One day , I sat down and I thought , `` Could we make the treatment directly to the virus store , without the risk of dilution of drugs ? ''
As a scientific expert on lasers , the answer was in front of me : lasers , of course .
If you use dentistry , for wounds and diabetes surgery , they can be used for anything imaginable , including <unk> transport of drugs .
In fact , we 're using pulses of laser to open or drill extremely small holes , which opens up and close almost immediately the HIV cells with HIV to put drugs out .
And then you ask the best , `` How is that possible ? ''
We sent a little and powerful laser ray on the cellular membrane of HIV , whereas these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug .
The laser through the cell , while the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microseconds .
Before you even notice , the hole is immediately immediately .
We 're testing this technology in vitro or dishes , but the goal is to bring this technology to the human body , apply it to the human body .
`` How is that possible ? '' You can ask .
Well , the answer is , through a <unk> device .
With the first head , which is our laser , we 'll make an incision on the site of infection .
The second head , which is a camera , goes to the site of infection .
Finally , the third head , a <unk> , which releases the drug that releases it directly into the site of infection , while the laser is used again to keep cells open .
Well , this does n't look very much .
But one day , if you succeed , this technology can lead to the overall eradication of HIV .
Yeah . A cure for HIV .
This is the dream of HIV HIV -- in our case , a laser treatment .
Thank you .
In the last decade , I 've been studying armed armed groups : armed organizations like terrorists , insurgents or militia .
Play what these groups do when they 're not shooting .
My goal is to understand better to these generators of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to nonviolent confrontation .
I do fieldwork , in the world of politics and the library .
To understand these groups is key to solving almost entirely conflict , because war has changed .
It used to be a dispute between states .
No .
Now it 's a conflict between states and <unk> actors .
For example , from the <unk> peace agreements between 1975 , and 2011 , <unk> had signed up between a state and a non-governmental actor .
So we have to understand these groups ; we have even engage them or <unk> them in any process of successful conflicts of success .
But how do you do that ?
We need to know what motivates these organizations .
We know very well the reasons why they 're fighting , how they do it , but nobody looks at what they do when they 're not fighting .
The arms struggle and political policies relate .
It 's all part of the same organization .
We ca n't understand these groups , not much less <unk> , without a global vision .
The armed groups of today are complex organizations .
For example , Lebanese man , known for their violent hunt against Israel .
From their creation in the 1980s , <unk> has also established a political party , a network of social services and a military device .
Similarly , the Palestinian Palestinian , known for suicide attacks against Israel , also runs the Gaza Strip since 2007 .
So these groups make more than just shooting .
They 're multitasking .
So we had a complex machine of communication : radio stations , TV channels , Internet websites and social networks .
And here 's the magazine <unk> , printed printed and published to recruit .
Local groups will also invest in a complex fundraising fundraising funds , but through cost-effective business , for example , construction companies .
These activities are key .
They allow these groups to increase their strength , increase their funds , to recruit better and build their brand .
Local groups also do something else : create stronger ties with their population by investing in social services .
They build schools , run hospitals , they 're putting professional training programs or microfinance .
<unk> offers all these services and more .
Local groups are also trying to conquer the population offering something that the state does n't provide : security and protection .
The rise of the Taliban in an Afghan Afghanistan , or even the beginning of the promotion of ISIS , can be understood also the efforts of these groups to deliver security .
Unfortunately , in these cases , security has an elevated price for the population .
But in general , to provide social services , it means filling a vacuum , a <unk> gap by the government , and it allows them to strengthen them and increase their power .
For example , victory victory of 2006 of the Palestinian Hamas ca n't be understood without recognizing the social work of the group .
It 's a really complex scenario , even in the West , when we look at the armed groups , we just think about the violent side .
But that 's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups , your strategy or the long-term vision .
These groups are hybrids .
They grow up because they have gaps left by government , and they emerge as armed and political groups , participating in nonviolent struggle and governance .
And the more sophisticated and more sophisticated ones are these organizations , so we can sort of find ourselves as opposed to a state .
How do I call a group like <unk> ?
It 's part of a territory , running all their functions , collect the trash , run the sewer system .
Is it a state ? Is it a rebel group ?
Or maybe it 's something else , something new and different .
And what is ISIS ?
The lines are <unk> .
We live in a world of states , of nations without the state and hybrids , and the weaker are states , as in the Middle East , in the Middle East , more in the world 's Middle East , and they have that gap the <unk> actors .
This is important for governments , because to counter these groups , they will have to invest more in the <unk> tools .
We had the vacuum of government has to be at the center of any sustainable approach .
This is very important to establish and put peace .
If we understand better than the armed groups , we will understand better what incentives offer to boost the transition from violence to non-violence .
In this new dispute between states and state actors , military power can win some battles , but we have no peace or stability .
In order to achieve these targets , we need long-term investments to fill out that security vacuum , to fill that gap in government that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle .
Thank you .
I 'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist .
My opinions about gender equality are <unk> , but I 'm afraid to accept the openly <unk> label that would be unfair for feminist .
I 'm a feminist , but rather bad .
And therefore I 'm like a bad feminist .
Or , at least , I wrote an article , and a book called `` The evil feminist , '' and then in interviews , people started calling me the <unk> <unk> .
So what started as a personal joke was destined to myself and a deliberate provocation , it has become something bigger .
Let me take a step back .
When I was a young man , especially in my youth and 20 , I had strange ideas about feminist paper , these <unk> women , angry with men and hated sex . Like if that was something wrong .
Today , I see how women treated all over the world and anger , in particular , it looks like a perfectly reasonable response .
But at the time , I was worried about the tone that I was using the people in the <unk> that could be a feminist .
It 's being labeled as a feminist was an accusation , a taboo and unpleasant word .
And I would argue as a woman who does n't follow the rules , which he calls too much , with high self-esteem and dare to believe that it 's equal or superior to a man .
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman , until it realizes that it 's actually that woman and ca n't imagine being another person .
With the time , as I was growing up , I started accepting that I am , in fact , feminist , and besides , proud to be .
For me , certain claims are <unk> : women are equal to men .
It 's worth the same wages by the same work .
We have a right to travel around the world as <unk> , free of harassment .
We have right to use it in an easy way and accessible to reproductive services and reproductive services .
We have the right to decide about our bodies , no need for legislative controls or doctrines .
We have the right to respect .
There 's more .
When you talk about the needs of women , you have to have to account our other identities .
We 're not just women .
We 're people with a different body , expression of gender , religion and sexuality , condition , skills , and much more .
We need to have to look at these differences and how they affect us , the same way that matters what we have in common .
Without this kind of inclusion , our feminism is nothing .
For me , these truths are obvious , but to be clear : I 'm a disaster .
I 'm full of contradictions .
There 's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist .
I have another confession .
When I drive to work , I listen to rap music to everything .
Although the letter degrades women , and it offends me deeply , the classic Salt <unk> , <unk> yang is incredible .
`` Do you reality with your wet t-shirt .
<unk> , roll , move until the shell hurts . ''
Think about it .
<unk> poetry , right ?
I 'm completely mortified on my musical liking .
I firmly believe in the work of man , which is all I do n't want to do , including -- all the household tasks , but also killing insects , garbage collection and <unk> and maintenance .
I do n't want to have anything to do with that .
<unk> is my favorite color .
<unk> from fashion magazines and nice things .
I can see `` The <unk> '' and I can see romantic cartoons and I have absurd fantasies of the fairy tales that actually make .
Some of my crimes are <unk> .
If a woman wants to adopt the name of her husband , it 's his choice , and I 'm not who to judge .
If a woman decides to stay home to raise their children , I accept that choice , too .
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same election , the problem is that our society is <unk> so that women are economically vulnerable when they choose .
So let 's take this problem .
<unk> the conventional feminism that has ignored or <unk> historically the needs of women 's women , the workers , gay and transgender women , in favor of white , heterosexual , middle-class women .
Listen , if that 's good feminism is a very bad feminist .
The next thing happens : as a feminist , I feel a lot of pressure .
We have this tendency to put feminist highlighted on a pedestal .
We hope that it 's going to look at perfection .
When we were <unk> , we retired them with a lot of taste from the same pedestal that we put them .
As I said , I 'm a mess . I 've already considered that pedestal before I try to put myself there .
Too many women , particularly the innovative and leaders of the sector are afraid of being tagged as feminist .
They 're afraid to stand up and say , `` Yes , I 'm a feminist , '' by fear of what that tag means , by fear unless we can fulfill the <unk> expectations .
Take for example <unk> , or as I call it , the Goddess .
In the last few years , it 's a <unk> feminist .
In [ unclear ] <unk> from 2014 , on MTV , took place in front of the word `` feminist '' in the word `` feminist '' in three meters .
It was a wonderful show , looking at this star of pop pop star feminism and making women know and young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of .
<unk> the time , cultural critics started functional debates if it was or not just a feminist .
He claimed his feminism , instead of simply believing the word of a grown and mature woman .
<unk> perfection , because we 're still fighting for a lot , we want a lot , we need so damned damned .
We go far beyond the sane and constructive criticism , to ensure the feminism of any woman , tear up until nothing left .
We do n't need to do that .
The evil feminism , or rather , a more inclusive one is the starting point .
But what happens next ?
We went from recognizing our imperfections to give accounts , go to action and be a little more brave .
If I listen to degrading music , I 'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy providing an unlimited supply .
These artists would not change their way to speak about women in their songs until they were changing the change , affecting it effectively .
It 's certainly difficult .
Why does its music have to be so <unk> ?
It 's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice .
But when bad decisions are justify this makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality , the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility .
I think of my nieces , three and four years old .
These are two great , fuzzy , brilliant , and also very brave . I want to grow in a world .
It 's where the strong creatures they were .
I think of them , all of a sudden , the best choice is within a much easier thing to do .
We can all make better decisions .
We can change the channel when a television show is about sexual violence against women as sport , <unk> the <unk> Game .
We can change the radio chart when we hear songs that treat women like nothing .
We can spend our money to go to the movies in another part when the movies are n't treated more than as decorative objects .
We can stop supporting professional sports in professional sports where athletes treat their peers as boxing .
In any case , the men , especially white men , heterosexuals can say , `` No , I 'm not going to post in your magazine , participate in their project , or work with you , until it does n't have enough number of women , so much to participate as to make decisions . ''
I 'm not going to work with you until your publication , or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are <unk> but invited to participate in these kinds of projects , we can also serve ourselves until more like us are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision .
Because we 're not groupers <unk> . Without these efforts , without embracing these positions , our accomplishments are going to mean very little .
We can make these little acts of courage and expect our decisions to get to the top , to people in the power of directors and movie producers and music producers , CEOs , the legislators who can make great decisions , more brave , to create a lasting change and significant change .
We can also affirm our feminism , well , bad , or anyway .
The last line of my book `` Bad <unk> '' says , `` I 'm going to be a bad feminist not to be at all . ''
This is true because of a lot of reasons , but I 'm saying it , especially because the old man was stolen to me and feminism helped me <unk> .
There was an incident .
I call it an incident to address what happened .
A few kids would tell me when I was very young , and I did n't know that kids can do this to a girl .
They treated me as if I was nothing .
I started to believe that it was nothing .
It was my voice , and after all I did n't dare believe that I could say something that might matter .
But I was writing .
And I went back to <unk> .
I 'd become a stronger version of myself .
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine , and the women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have brown skin .
I read the words of the women who showed me that it was nothing .
I learned to write like them , and then I learned how to write as myself .
I found my voice again , and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure .
Through writing and feminism , I also discovered that if I was a brave little woman , another woman could hear me and see me and realize that none of us is the nothing that the world is trying to tell us we are .
In one hand , I have the power to accomplish anything .
And in the other hand , I hold the analogy that I 'm just a woman .
I 'm a bad feminist , I 'm a good woman , I 'm trying to improve my way to think , what I say and what I do , without leaving everything that makes me human .
I hope we can all do the same thing .
I hope that we can all be a little courageous , when you need that courage .
Right after Christmas last year , <unk> kids in California had no measles when I had been exposed to somebody who had been there .
The virus then went through the border with Canada , infecting over 100 children in family .
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that may be fatal to a child with an immune immune system is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world .
There is an effective vaccine against this for more than a half century , but many of the kids involved in the Disneyland outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something that was supposed to be even worse : autism .
But a moment , was n't the paper that unleashed informed about autism and charismatic vaccines , disqualified and marked by being a deliberate fraud by the British Medical Journal ?
So do n't most of the intelligent scientists think that vaccines cause autism is a stupidity ?
I think most of you know , but millions of parents around the world remain to hope that vaccines will put their children to have autism .
Why ?
Here 's why .
This is a graph of the rise estimates of autism over time .
For most of the 20th century , autism was considered a very rare disease .
So the few psychologists and pediatricians that I 'd heard about she create their entire career without seeing one case .
For decades , the prevalence of prevalence made stable just three or four children per 10,000 .
But then , in the 1990s , the numbers started <unk> .
fundraising fundraising fundraising are routinely referred to autism as an epidemic , as if I could catch another child at Disneyland .
What 's going on ?
If it 's not vaccines , what is it ?
If you ask people at the Center for Disease Control in Atlanta , what 's happening , they tend to be based on phrases like `` diagnostic criteria '' and `` A better case of case '' to explain these growing numbers .
But that kind of language does n't dissipate a lot of the fears of a young mother looking for the face of his two-year-old son , the visual contact .
If the diagnostic criteria had to scale up , why were they so close to the beginning ?
Why were the autism cases so difficult to find before the 1990s ?
Five years ago , I decided to figure out the answers to these questions .
I learned that what happened has less to do with the slow , cautious progress of the science that with the seductive power of storytelling .
For most of the 20th century , the doctors told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered , but that story turned out to be false , and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global health .
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had been lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinical literature .
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go .
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist , Leo <unk> , at Johns Hopkins Hospital , in 1943 , <unk> published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to inhabit a private worlds , <unk> the people around her , including their own parents .
They could have fun for hours by shaking their hands , but they were prey to sleep like when they did n't put their favorite toy in its usual place without knowing them .
On the base of the patients treated in their clinic , <unk> speculated that autism is very rare .
For the 1950s , as the primary authority of the world in the subject , declared that I had seen less than 150 true cases of his syndrome as we pick reference from places that are as distant as South Africa .
This is not really surprising , because the criteria of <unk> for autism were very <unk> .
For example , let 's give that diagnosis to children with convulsions , but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism .
Once it was <unk> that he had become nine of every 10 children sent for other doctors to her office by being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism .
<unk> was an intelligent man , but part of his theories were n't <unk> .
<unk> autism as a form of child psychosis caused cold parents and <unk> .
These kids , he said , they 've kept a lot of a refrigerator that was not <unk> .
At the same time , however , I realized that some of his young patients had special skills that put together in certain areas like music and mathematics and memory .
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish 18 symphonies before it turned two .
When her mother put one of his favorite records , he said , `` Beethoven . ''
But <unk> had a bad opinion of these skills , pretending to things like the kids were simply telling what they had heard of their parents ' parents , desperate to win their approval .
As a result , autism became a source of embarrassment for families , and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own well , becoming invisible to the world in general .
Amazingly , it was n't until the 1970s , that researchers started trying to test the <unk> theory that autism was weird .
<unk> <unk> , a cognitive psychologist in London , thought that the theory of mothers <unk> <unk> was quite stupid .
She and her husband John were warm and <unk> , and they had a deep autistic daughter called Susie .
<unk> and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Susie without special education , no special education , and no access to other resources without a diagnosis .
To defend the National Service , they needed more resources for autistic kids and their families , <unk> and their colleague Judith Gould decided to do something that should have done 30 years before .
They launched a study of autism prevalence in the general population .
<unk> a suburb from London called <unk> to try and find autistic children in the community .
What you saw was that the <unk> model was too limited , because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse .
Some kids could n't speak at all , whereas others were getting involved in their fascination for astrophysics , in dinosaurs or the genealogy of <unk> .
Otherwise , these kids did n't fit in nice , <unk> boxes , as he said Judith , and they saw a lot of them , much more than the monolithic model of <unk> would have predicted .
At first , they were lost for trying to make sense of their data .
How did anyone have n't realized these kids before ?
But then <unk> found a reference to an article published in 1944 , the next year to the <unk> article , and then he forgot , buried under the ashes of a terrible time nobody wanted to remember .
You know , I knew about this article of competition , but I would stop just mentioning in his own work .
There was n't even a translation of English , but luckily , the husband 's husband spoke German , and he translated it for her .
The document offers an alternative story of autism .
His author was a man named Hans Asperger 's , who was running an integrated clinic with a school at Vienna in the 1930s .
The ideas with Asperger 's teaching children 's teaching differences were significantly accountable for contemporary standards .
The morning in their clinic started with exercises with music with music , and the kids follow their games on Sunday afternoon .
Instead of blaming the parents to cause autism , Asperger 's described as a <unk> disability that was required by support forms of support and hosting spaces over the course of all life .
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients , Asperger 's called their little teachers , and he started to help the development of education methods that were particularly suited for them .
Basically , Asperger 's seen autism as a staggering variety of gifts and disability .
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common , and they have always been , looking at aspects of this continuum known in pop culture , like the awkward social scientist and Professor <unk> .
He was beyond even saying , for success in science and art , an ounce of autism is essential .
<unk> and Judith discovered that he was wrong when autism was <unk> , so the parents were the <unk> .
Over the next few years , they worked quietly with the American Association of <unk> to expand the criteria of the diagnosis that reflects the diversity of what they called `` autistic spectrum . ''
In the late '80s and early '90s , their changes become in place , by replacing the limited model of <unk> by a broad and inclusive <unk> .
These changes do n't go into broken bag .
My name is , when he <unk> and Judith worked backstage to reform these criteria , people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time .
Before I went out `` Rain Man '' in 1988 , just a small circle , <unk> by experts , and I knew what autism was , but in the mid-'80s Hoffman as Raymond <unk> as Raymond <unk> and lists of `` Rain '' with four awards from the Academy , pediatrician , psychologists , psychologists and parents around the world know what autism was .
At the same time , the first easy clinical testing was introduced to diagnose autism .
I should n't have a connection with that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for her son .
The combination of `` Rain '' changes the changes on the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect , a perfect storm of autism .
The number of diagnoses started to rise , just like they predicted <unk> and Judith , in fact they hoped that it was that it was , making people with autism and their families finally they get their support and services that were deserved .
So Andrew <unk> came to blame vaccines by the rise of diagnoses -- a simple , powerful , powerful story and seductive story as bad as the <unk> theory that autism was <unk> .
If the current estimate of preventing one of our 68 children in the United States is in the spectrum , the autistic are one of the largest minority groups in the world .
In the past few years , autistic people have joined the Internet to reject the idea that these puzzles are to solve for the new medical advances , <unk> the term `` <unk> '' to celebrate the varieties of human cognition .
One way to understand <unk> is to think about terms of human operating systems .
The fact that a PC does n't work with Windows , does n't mean it 's broken .
According to autistic standards , the normal human brain is easily <unk> , social roles , and it suffers from a attention deficit to detail .
No question , autistic people have difficulty living in a world that did n't build for them .
70 years later , we 're still reaching Asperger 's , who believed that the `` cure '' for the most arts aspects of autism are in understanding the teachers , employers who are responsible , communities of support , and the parents with faith in the potential of their children .
An autistic woman named <unk> <unk> once said , `` We need all the hands on deck to <unk> the boat of humanity . ''
As we browse towards an uncertain future , we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society .
We ca n't afford to drive waste and a brain .
Thank you .
